The Lego Creative (Medium) Creative set comes to in a nice plastic storage box. I knew what was included, so I cannot blame Lego. There are simply not enough basic bricks to build with.  I have uploaded several pictures for your review. When all is said and done, you are left with a lot of extra room in your storage box. For us, this was okay, but if your little builder wants to build a house, you may want to check out the Lego Education Basic Brick Set. That set has a lot of building bricks. This set has more specialty pieces, such as wheels. Overall, a great quality product. Lego never disappoints in that regard. This set may disappoint you IF you don't realize exactly what you are getting. I think my pictures will help you there! As you can see, there aren't many basic bricks.
This set comes with a variety of 484 Legos. They are separated into bags and placed into this yellow plastic bin. Once you open the bags, it would probably take up one fifth of the bin. Do not think this bin is coming filled to the top, that would be hundreds of dollars.  The bin itself would be great for storage if you needed.  I am planning on saving it for their Lego themed birthday party to set up paper plates or silverware in.This is a classic set nostalgic to the bins I had as a child. I am a fan of Lego in general, I like their kits because they allow my 5 and 3 year old to create trains, cars, etc that look cool and are fun to play with.  These classic kits allow for their Imaginationon to run wild as they dig in.This set came with 35 colors.  I was happy with the assortment of pieces, some of the smooth finishing pieces, ramps, dot pieces, grated pieces.  It had a selection of wheels and hubs, tiny size and medium.  Without the tires you can create train wheels.  There were several small black windows, without shutters or panes.  And one tiny arch window that is pictured on the front.  There's also the smooth dot eyeballs.  This kit contained a few base plates, the largest was 8x16.  Also a brick separator, which is really cool device so you don't have to use your teeth.Right now we are getting these classics sets to bulk up my kids collection for free building.  I do like this medium set for the variety it contains.  I have read that you shouldn't pay more than ten cents per Lego (accounting for differences in variety of sizes).  This kit retails for $30, so with that little thought in mind it is a great price and variety.I also recommend the the $20 Lego classic bright box.  It contained great colors, and didn't have wheels or windows- mostly building bricks.if you are just getting started with Legos- buy it.  If you need a gift for a Lego lover- buy it.  If you want to add on to your/your child's collection- buy it.  Getting more Legos can never be wrong, especially when they build your child's imagination and keep them busy for hours!
If you're looking for a great kit of classic blocks with a nice selection of more specialized blocks to get you started or build on your existing collection, look no further. Good selection of blocks in every color of the rainbow and a variety of shapes and sizes. Includes a booklet with a few project ideas that were easy enough for my 4 year old to complete with little assistance. The tool for separating pieces has proven to be very helpful. My son is particularly happy with the selection of wheels and eyes... he's been busy creating vehicles with faces and loving it! You just can't go wrong with Lego. :)
I'm pretty disappointed with this product and with the direction LEGO seems to have gone since I was a kid. I thought this was like an entry level collection of LEGO's that I could mess around with and find some cool things online to build with them. NOPE, it's really just a number of very specialized bricks that are meant to make about 5-6 small things and you can barely do anything else with them. If I want to build anything else with this set I need to order "supplement" or "expansion" sets that cost 15 bucks or so to build a few more specific things. It feels like LEGO is nickle and diming people now. They could easily have a basic set of regular blocks that you could bake 20+ things with but then you wouldn't be forced to buy more of their overpriced sets.
A True classic! This Lego set is perfect for beginners. We just started diving into the world of Lego's and this set includes several sets that you can  choose to build ex. ghost, flower, farm etc. or you can just build it like you want to. They come in bags separated by color and it has a large variety of different types of Lego's. The price is extremely reasonable and I am considering buying it again just because the huge Lego container that it comes in is very sturdy and will be worth it for more Lego's that we purchase in the future! Very happy with this buy.
The old LEGO sets from "back in the day" have gone by the way side because everything with LEGO is a theme or a set that has a specific character or purpose to a movie, tv show, or comic book. That is why I LOVE this CLASSIC Creative Brick Box. It has a variety of colors, shapes, bricks, etc. and there isn't a book of "this is how you put it together". This is a perfect way to find the Master Builder in your child. It has been a lot of fun to put the electronic devices down and spend some time just being creative. LEGOs of any kind help with the fine motor skills all kids need-- but I have seen this CLASSIC Creative Brick Box set also give my children a chance to grow and expand their mental world. They have improved their problem solving skills as well as just allowed them to have fun without having to follow directions or have a failed project.**This product was a personal purchase for myself at the normal retail price. I am reviewing it solely because I want to share my experience with other potential customers. I have received no compensation for my review nor do I have any relationship with the seller or manufacturer of this product.
I bought these for a Christmas gift  for my 6 year old nephew. After shopping around at several different stores I found that I couldn't beat the Amazon price. Legos are legos, they stand the test of time. He's been building with them for months and still loves them as much as day 1. The quantity is a good amount  for a boy his age, it's just enough for him to build the projects in his book that are at his skill level. Next year I'll look into a higher number to build his collection up.
The box comes with plenty of pieces to get some simple creations done and comes with a little book of ideas (step by step instructions for things you can make with the included bricks). Some may be confused by the size of the box, it's not chock full on purpose, it's intended to supplement an existing collection (or serve as a starter box for a new one). Will definitely be ordering more of the other mixed kits like this one.
We started off with this medium box and then subsequently added a large box. With the two combined, we now feel like we have enough legos to have fun and build stuff without having to constantly tear apart our earlier creations to scavenge pieces. That makes the kids a lot happier, as they enjoy playing with their creations but want to make new stuff too.If I were starting all over, I'd probably skip the medium box and go straight for a large box.
Significantly overpriced for what was in it. Not an assortment of LEGOs as the name "Creative Brick Box" would lead you to believe. It is actually just several small LEGO model projects, with specific pieces meant for that specific model and not the general 1x1, 1x2, 2x2, 2x4, and 2x8 pieces like I expected. Other than being overpriced for what you're getting, there is nothing inherently wrong with the product, just not what was expected from a box boasting the number of pieces and the creativity of it.
The Lego Creative (Medium) Creative set comes to in a nice plastic storage box. I knew what was included, so I cannot blame Lego. There are simply not enough basic bricks to build with.  I have uploaded several pictures for your review. When all is said and done, you are left with a lot of extra room in your storage box. For us, this was okay, but if your little builder wants to build a house, you may want to check out the Lego Education Basic Brick Set. That set has a lot of building bricks. This set has more specialty pieces, such as wheels. Overall, a great quality product. Lego never disappoints in that regard. This set may disappoint you IF you don't realize exactly what you are getting. I think my pictures will help you there! As you can see, there aren't many basic bricks.
This set comes with a variety of 484 Legos. They are separated into bags and placed into this yellow plastic bin. Once you open the bags, it would probably take up one fifth of the bin. Do not think this bin is coming filled to the top, that would be hundreds of dollars.  The bin itself would be great for storage if you needed.  I am planning on saving it for their Lego themed birthday party to set up paper plates or silverware in.This is a classic set nostalgic to the bins I had as a child. I am a fan of Lego in general, I like their kits because they allow my 5 and 3 year old to create trains, cars, etc that look cool and are fun to play with.  These classic kits allow for their Imaginationon to run wild as they dig in.This set came with 35 colors.  I was happy with the assortment of pieces, some of the smooth finishing pieces, ramps, dot pieces, grated pieces.  It had a selection of wheels and hubs, tiny size and medium.  Without the tires you can create train wheels.  There were several small black windows, without shutters or panes.  And one tiny arch window that is pictured on the front.  There's also the smooth dot eyeballs.  This kit contained a few base plates, the largest was 8x16.  Also a brick separator, which is really cool device so you don't have to use your teeth.Right now we are getting these classics sets to bulk up my kids collection for free building.  I do like this medium set for the variety it contains.  I have read that you shouldn't pay more than ten cents per Lego (accounting for differences in variety of sizes).  This kit retails for $30, so with that little thought in mind it is a great price and variety.I also recommend the the $20 Lego classic bright box.  It contained great colors, and didn't have wheels or windows- mostly building bricks.if you are just getting started with Legos- buy it.  If you need a gift for a Lego lover- buy it.  If you want to add on to your/your child's collection- buy it.  Getting more Legos can never be wrong, especially when they build your child's imagination and keep them busy for hours!
If you're looking for a great kit of classic blocks with a nice selection of more specialized blocks to get you started or build on your existing collection, look no further. Good selection of blocks in every color of the rainbow and a variety of shapes and sizes. Includes a booklet with a few project ideas that were easy enough for my 4 year old to complete with little assistance. The tool for separating pieces has proven to be very helpful. My son is particularly happy with the selection of wheels and eyes... he's been busy creating vehicles with faces and loving it! You just can't go wrong with Lego. :)
I'm pretty disappointed with this product and with the direction LEGO seems to have gone since I was a kid. I thought this was like an entry level collection of LEGO's that I could mess around with and find some cool things online to build with them. NOPE, it's really just a number of very specialized bricks that are meant to make about 5-6 small things and you can barely do anything else with them. If I want to build anything else with this set I need to order "supplement" or "expansion" sets that cost 15 bucks or so to build a few more specific things. It feels like LEGO is nickle and diming people now. They could easily have a basic set of regular blocks that you could bake 20+ things with but then you wouldn't be forced to buy more of their overpriced sets.
A True classic! This Lego set is perfect for beginners. We just started diving into the world of Lego's and this set includes several sets that you can  choose to build ex. ghost, flower, farm etc. or you can just build it like you want to. They come in bags separated by color and it has a large variety of different types of Lego's. The price is extremely reasonable and I am considering buying it again just because the huge Lego container that it comes in is very sturdy and will be worth it for more Lego's that we purchase in the future! Very happy with this buy.
The old LEGO sets from "back in the day" have gone by the way side because everything with LEGO is a theme or a set that has a specific character or purpose to a movie, tv show, or comic book. That is why I LOVE this CLASSIC Creative Brick Box. It has a variety of colors, shapes, bricks, etc. and there isn't a book of "this is how you put it together". This is a perfect way to find the Master Builder in your child. It has been a lot of fun to put the electronic devices down and spend some time just being creative. LEGOs of any kind help with the fine motor skills all kids need-- but I have seen this CLASSIC Creative Brick Box set also give my children a chance to grow and expand their mental world. They have improved their problem solving skills as well as just allowed them to have fun without having to follow directions or have a failed project.**This product was a personal purchase for myself at the normal retail price. I am reviewing it solely because I want to share my experience with other potential customers. I have received no compensation for my review nor do I have any relationship with the seller or manufacturer of this product.
I bought these for a Christmas gift  for my 6 year old nephew. After shopping around at several different stores I found that I couldn't beat the Amazon price. Legos are legos, they stand the test of time. He's been building with them for months and still loves them as much as day 1. The quantity is a good amount  for a boy his age, it's just enough for him to build the projects in his book that are at his skill level. Next year I'll look into a higher number to build his collection up.
The box comes with plenty of pieces to get some simple creations done and comes with a little book of ideas (step by step instructions for things you can make with the included bricks). Some may be confused by the size of the box, it's not chock full on purpose, it's intended to supplement an existing collection (or serve as a starter box for a new one). Will definitely be ordering more of the other mixed kits like this one.
We started off with this medium box and then subsequently added a large box. With the two combined, we now feel like we have enough legos to have fun and build stuff without having to constantly tear apart our earlier creations to scavenge pieces. That makes the kids a lot happier, as they enjoy playing with their creations but want to make new stuff too.If I were starting all over, I'd probably skip the medium box and go straight for a large box.
Significantly overpriced for what was in it. Not an assortment of LEGOs as the name "Creative Brick Box" would lead you to believe. It is actually just several small LEGO model projects, with specific pieces meant for that specific model and not the general 1x1, 1x2, 2x2, 2x4, and 2x8 pieces like I expected. Other than being overpriced for what you're getting, there is nothing inherently wrong with the product, just not what was expected from a box boasting the number of pieces and the creativity of it.
My 8-year old son bought this with his own money. He saw it in the store and immediately wanted to buy it. We told him to wait until we got home so he could read reviews and think about it. The added bonus with waiting (besides making sure he still really wanted it) is that Amazon had a better price. He has many Lego sets that come with kits but he likes this so he can create what he wants from his own imagination. This kit isn't too small or too big. I recommend it. What also might be nice to get is one of the flat Lego surfaces you can mount things on. They are called Building Plates and come in a few sizes and colors although I mostly see green which looks like grass.
We got these when I had seen them go down in price.  We have a 3 year old who is currently using the larger size Legos.  I know she will not put these in her mouth, but the larger ones are just easier to put together and take apaer for her small hands now.We did though get these for her at the lower price for down the road in the future.  As some people say, Legos keep their value, and it's better to get them now at a lower price than later when the price will of increased.There is no replacement for Legos.  We tried the off brand and they didnt fit as nice.  There are great as they have been when I was a kid.
Bought this online and "had" to get two more when I saw them at the nearby Kmart . . . again, both me and my grandson spend a lot of time building stuff.  Since I "found" a local resource we can satisfy our Lego hunger in 30 or so minutes . . . Thank you Amazon for starting us up.
I'm torn on this product. The Legos themselves are great. They're Legos!However, the storage box is awful. Who thought it would be a good idea to create a Lego storage box with a lid that doesn't stay on? Also, there are narrow "trenches" inside the box which are perfect for catching the little tiny pieces - and making it almost impossible to retrieve them. Using my fingernail to remove a little Lego eye from a storage box "trench" is not my idea of a good time.The Duplo storage box we purchased had none of these problems, so I know that Lego is capable of making a function storage box. The next day we purchased other storage boxes with lids that snap on.
The Legos we're great. They are a classic that will be used for generations but the Lego shaped box they came in was crushed on one corner. The lid goes on and stays but it looks rough. I didn't have time to get that problem handled before it was given as a kids Birthday gift. Shipped in a too-big box with only a few air bags to keep it in place. 
First of all, if you expect the box to be full, you will be disappointed, but this is a good variety of pieces to get started and the box will accommodate additional sets or assembled projects.  When unpackaged, the pieces in the set fill the box to about 25%.  I bought this set, the Lego Education brick set and the Lego Education wheels set (total 1654 pieces among the three sets).  All of these fit in the brick box, but to actually dig around and find pieces, we will need a bigger box ... but to give an idea of the volume of pieces in the set...  The combination of these three sets should be a really good set for my two boys for the forseeable future.
I purchased this for my son's friend as a birthday gift. this classic set of Lego blocks is the perfect gift to give to a child whose toy preference you're not totally familiar with. This box has a substancial amount of the classic bricks all kids and adults love. Legos are a timeless toy loved by most; you simply can't go wrong with them. This set is no exception.
Well, these Legos are getting 5 stars for doing everything Legos do. There's a lot of them, especially teeny tiny ones, buried in the carpet, just like Legos do. And then there's a good number of slightly larger ones; those successfully puncture the bottom of your feet at 2am.  Then there's a right many somewhat bigger ones that get accidentally sucked into the vacuum cleaner, wrenching off the belt or snapping it completely when the beater bar gets jammed...5 stars for that. And the box they come in has a terrible top, which won't stay closed- like every other Lego set I've bought over the last 20 years. Excellent price here, so when you are gleefully sucking these monstrosities up your badly damaged central vac, you don't have to feel any guilt at all.
Bought this for my kids and they love this set. I love that it comes in its own reusable container and once the kids are done playing with them they can put all the Legos back in the storage container. My daughter did complain that there were no "people" in this set. For the price I paid for it, I'm not complaining. The included booklet shows step by step instructions on how to build various things that this set is capable of building. This is a great introductory set for kids graduating from the bigger blocks to Legos.
My 4.5 year old loved this set!  She quickly got thru the items included in the instruction booklet.  Don't forget to go on to the Lego website to get additional instructions for other items to make with the set.  I wish there were even more things to make with instructions...but I guess it's time to let the imagination take over!!  I love the container - it's roomy enough to put other smaller sets inside and contain the explosion of Legos in our house.
My kids (ages 5 and 7) will spend almost all day building and creating with these Legos (in fact, I glanced over and they are playing with them as I write this!).  They prefer to build their own stuff instead of the box kit, so there's no end to the possibilities.  One of the smartest gifts we've gotten them due to the amount of time they spend playing with them and the fact that it cultivates so much creativity.
Seems like Lego's are all a specific kit lately, bat mobile, etc, with custom parts. Too complicated for a 5 year old in my opinion.This bucket however, my 5 year old plays with for hours on end. I added a large 10"x10" lego mat for $10ish and won't look back.The parts give you plenty of wheels and various unique pieces to keep the little builders busy.No people though, wish it came with a few generic characters.Will absolutely buy other 'creative' series boxes. Plenty of room in the box to add more Lego's later too.
I purchased these for my 7 year old granddaughter for her birthday.  They were definitely the right price and great value per brick.  It comes with a great variety of color and sizes and online you can get over 12 different creative idea booklets.  She is so happy with them and it makes a great addition to her collection.  The brick they come in also holds the 303 piece supplement set I got for her with room for more.  Great price and product.  You can't go wrong with Lego Classic!
My 4 year old loved these for his birthday and these are Just like the classic legos that have been around for decades. My only complaint would be that the lid doesn't secure very well so if these fell or were dropped, there's a chance the lid will pop off. Other than that I like the idea of the storage container for them and there is still tons of room inside for additional legos.
This was the best set I could have bought for my kids (besides shelling out a couple hundred bucks for the just bricks box) to help them transition from Duplo to regular Legos. It comes with instructions for making small things like a tree, motorcycle, alligator, etc, but has enough standard pieces for free play. And there's another pieces so that my son, who loves to follow the instructions part, and my daughter and nephew, who like to do their own thing, can all play together. We have had this set for about week and they have already had many, many hours of creative play with just this one set.
The quality of the legos is good.  My daughter has already gone through the manual that was supplied and constructed all the variations.  The main disappointment is the actual number of legos included.  The box it comes in might make you think its filled up with legos.  It's not.  The legos included will fit into just the lid of the box!  In fact thats what we did.  We dumped all the legos out of the box and into the lid and used that for picking through the pieces when assembling them.  To be fair the label on the outside tells exactly how many of each piece are included but the size of the box makes it seem like its more than it is.
This is a great gift for any Lego fan from novice to expert.  Who doesn't need more of the basics?  My daughter opened this Christmas day and I never saw it again.  She was quick to pour the pieces in to her giant tote of of pieces.  I'm so glad Lego has not changed their pieces too much over the years that she can use this new pack along with those her father owned in the 70s!!
Pretty fun Creations in here. We bought it along with other sets and it was fun to get more creative pieces. Boys also liked the different shades of greens and browns. Would recommend buying along with other sets as it might not be all that exciting on its own as a gift. But an added box under the tree at Christmas was a hit our picture has more sets than just this box but the train and four wheeler are pictured
This is exactly what I needed.  I needed a container for my little ones legos, and she needed more legos.  We did not follow any directions with this kit, just fun with legos! The only thing its missing is the flat lego piece to build off of, so i would definitely order one of those to go with this!
We bought this for our son for Christmas since he is just getting into playing with LEGOs. I didn't realize the variety of pieces that would come in it and was very surprised when we opened it. It has everything a kid could want to start building and comes with some easy instructions for build ideas with what you have. Reasonably priced too considering what most LEGO sets cost now days. I'd highly recommend.
The LEGOs I remember from childhood.  I was nervous my son (5 years) would not know what to do with these as he has, up to now, used only the kits for specific creations that come with precise directions.  I realized how silly I was to worry when he played with them for 3 hrs straight right out of the box!  Now I wish I'd gotten him this open, Classic set earlier.
Bought as a gift for a beginner creator (appropriately aged for these small Lego pieces, of course).  I picked this set because it had a little more variety in pieces, namely the wheels.  I wasn't seeing wheels in other comparable sets.  I also LOVE that it comes packed in it's own storage box, another feature other comparable set didn't offer.
The brick box is a medium size box. It is great for storage, and has a great variety of pieces. It is great quality, what you expect from Lego. The color variations are great, so both boys and girls find building blocks that are appealing. I don't think that the pieces are a size that is appropriate for children under 4. They are harder for them to handle, and could be difficult for them to use. I have children between the age ranges of 4-9 and they all have enjoyed this set. We like the set so much we are thinking of buying another one.
Who doesn't like Legos? This is a great collection for the price. It comes with a great variety and very bright colors. It even comes with wheels. There are a lot of pieces in this set which make it great for someone just starting a collection. You can really build quite a few things with this kit and it is Lego brand. Good quality product and was shipped quickly.
There are a lot more shapes and types of pieces though. This box was the best value I found when dividing the number of pieces by the cost. The price per piece came out the lowest that I found at the time of purchase.
My 4 year old grandson just loves building with this set. It does have a wide enough variety of pieces, including wheels, that he can build  what I would call his "abstract creations".  I do have to assist him with taking them apart at times as these are not brio. At this age, he uses more of the brick size (higher) legos that are also found in the junior lego sets over the thinner plate size legos.  I'm sure this set will last him for years as his dexterity and skills increase.I also felt the colors and variety in the set would also make this an excellent set for both boys and girls.
My 8 year old daughter is obsessed with Legos, but the sets can be soooo expensive! I never knew you could buy just a box of blocks. I purchased a Lego book of ideas to go along with it. We have all the Legos sorted and bagged by color, which are stored in this box. My daughter loves that she isn't limited to what she can make with these Legos, as other sets are. I will definitely be looking for and purchasing more Lego sets like this one.
All I wanted was a standard set of Legos like I used to have as a kid. This is a huge bucket but only a small number of pieces and some are pretty strange shapes. It seems like it's hard to find just regular Lego bricks.
Bought this for our 5 yr old great grandson. He and I put several of ideas together.  Separate the colors into zip lock plastic bags to make your creations easier.  I wish there would have been more examples of what could be created.  Pieces are small so I wouldn't purchase for any child that puts pieces in their mouth.
A Christmas gift for our 8 year old nephew who absolutely loves them and is building everything imaginable with them. For the first several days he came home from school, dropped his book bag and got right to work creating multiple shapes and functions. Love these. Very educational and creative.  An excellent purchase.
I got this for my son's 6th birthday.  He absolutely loves it & plays with the LEGO's just about every day.  His imagination is endless when putting the blocks together.  This LEGO set is not only great for play time, but also when he just needs a little break to himself for a bit.  I would recommend this LEGO set.
This Medium Creative Brick Box by Lego was the perfect addition to a five year olds collection of Lego. She has a lot of sets, but really needed some extra pieces to explore to her hearts content. Inside of the Lego box, there were many bags of Lego separated by color. There was also a book of ideas provided. She loved look through all of the ideas. There were a lot of different types of bricks that served different purposes rather then just the standard types of bricks.
Great set for beginners and avid enthusiasts alike! We've actually purchased several of these.  Such a great gift because it encourages Lego builders to use their imaginations to build whatever they wish AND it allows them to build onto any set they already have.  Brightly colored, it includes bases to build on as well as parts to build cars or other "rolly" things.  For the money and the amount of pieces you get, its a great buy.  I also loved that it comes in its own storage container.  We purchased this for children ages  4, 6, and 8, boys and girls, and they all loved it.
My 7 year old son enjoys Lego kits. He loves this even more because he can expand current kits and go wild with his imagination. It is somethinf that a parent and child can enjoy doing together. You can make several different things with this box of legos. I would purchase more of these for sure!
Of course, Legos are always a great gift for boys and girls alike. Lego is a quality product. I was surprised at how large the box was for the amount of Legos that came. If you're looking for a box that will hold extra pieces you have or hope to have, then it will work great for you. But, for us who don't have a lot of space in our home, we would have preferred a box only large enough to hold the pieces that came. The pieces only take up about 1/4-1/3 of the box.
After a trial run with a "big kid" set of Frozen LEGO, we bought my 4 year old her first big set. She was making everything from robots to monsters with her Frozen set, so we wanted something with a big variety of parts and small, unique pieces. This is exactly what we were looking for. The storage bin is icing on the cake. I can't wait to sit down and build with her.
Lot's of colorful pieces and creative ideas.  We like this to spark creativity, unlike buying the Lego sets that only have pieces to build a specific item such as a Star Wars vehicle etc.  This is great for the younger kids too who want to make fun toys like alligators.  I think we'll have hours of fun with these and they're more economical than specific sets too.  Comes in a cute lego shaped box.  Worth getting!  I might buy a large foundation piece to build separately on eventually, but for now, these are great!
Can't beat the price.  I get the "washed and sanitized" bulk packs of used Legos instead of paying the crazy prices for new ones (so far my kids have survived lol) but I need somewhere to keep them all and you can't beat this container.  You don't get a lot of legos with this, but for the price you're almost getting the container for free.
This may be not what you are looking for !I bought another Lego and bought this one additionally as a "building material" , so that we have more room to build new things.It contains the number of elements as mentioned , however most of them are very small and very specific elements , so that you cannot even build a normal home or castle with that 484 elements.So do not buy this , if you just want more elements for better playing. Totally disappointed by Lego's policy.
After buying many sets of Legos, we branched out and bought a mixed set for my two kids to be creative with. We ended up buying 2 boxes! The first was for use at home. They loved it so much and played with it endlessly, that when we went on vacation, I had another box shipped to our destination. It helped the unforeseen rainy days and provided much entertainment. This pack worked well for both my daughter and son. They both found the colors they needed to complete their inventions.
This is a fantastic assortment of legos to encourage a lot of creativity!  My 4 year-old has used the included building instructions, built his own cars, toll plazas, airplanes, trains, and buildings with these pieces.  Great assortment to keep them engaged and learning!
This is a great starter pack for newbies to Lego building, or to add to an already-large collection! We got this for my 6 year old as her first Lego kit. It has a little bit of everything - wheels, different sizes and shapes, even blocks with eyes! I love that it serves as a storage case for the Legos as well, so they're not all over the place (at least in theory...lol!)
My issue, maybe as a young adult with more experience, is that there aren't many 'freestyle' options. They provide instructions/ideas and each one actually uses different pieces so that the whole box is basically used. It doesn't feel like there are many options after that. So I think that's why there are about 5 other boxes to 'add on', to keep keep you buying more. It's Lego so I can't hate but it is a bit disappointing.
This item arrived sealed and in good condition. It is a good sized box and comes with instructions on how to build different items with the blocks. My daughter is loving this set and the box is big enough that she put all her previous legos in the box as well. She is extremely satisfied and enjoying this product.
Legos are great! The little booklet with folding plans for s couple cute things I'd nice. My 5 year old daughter loves to follow the directions. I think these boxes are bigger than they need to be. But if you plan to put things away intact it's nice. Or if you combine packs. Only problem is that the lid on the two we have to not latch in any way. Just kind of rest on top of the box. So they will easily spill out if knocked over, dropped or turned over. I hope they change this on future kits!
Great Lego quality as you would expect.  I used these to fill a Lego pinata for our son's seventh birthday party (Lego theme), in addition to candy.  There are some very, very small pieces included, and the box seemed to be mostly empty space.  However, my son and his friends were thrilled with the contents and the pinata.  Before I filled the pinata, our son was able to easily build the train pictured on front using the included instructions.
Love Legos, just wish they weren't so pricy. The container was big but once u open it up even though there are over 400 pieces, it's really not that much. Couldn't really build a lot with such a small amount. Once we dumped the bag into the plastic container that came with them it didn't even fill it a third full. I broke down and bought more from a compatible brand
For 30 bucks this should come with enough legos to build a little house. Disappointed but I should've looked at the pictures with greater detail. The amount of legos that this box comes with fill it up barely 1/4 of the way. VERY FEW 2x4 blocks. I will stick to looking for them secondhand. The box is ok at best too - doesn't secure very tightly on top. 4.5/10.
A decent box of legos, the only complaint is the misleading size of the box, there is not nearly as many legos as the box size would imply. I know there is a count on the side but speaking more to how much that count fills this box. I got 1 of these and plan on getting another and feel the extra space is just a way for lego to mislead how much is in the box.
This is a great little box and at a decent price point. It has plenty of pieces to build many things or to build a whole city. My son managed to build the characters from sponge Bob out of it. And we've made several cars and trains and castles. If you're looking to get into Legos or just add to your collection this is a good option. it had many different pieces alo g with wheels and decrotive pieces. Great set.
This is the best starter set for the new to small legos kid.  Purchased for my son that has never played with classic legos before, he was absolutely overjoyed.  I would have to say that the only negative to this is that they come in a bunch of tiny plastic bags...makes sense, but very irritating.Buy this for a lego starter kit or for an addition to the other lego kits.  Has lots of wheels...what my son loved the most!
I have 3 kids who recently started loving legos. I had bought a couple sets that Sam's Club happened to have and they were hooked. Well with 3 kids and a limited supply of legos we soon had a lot of fighting going on. So I ordered these. There is a great varity of sizes and shapes and plenty to be shared among 3 children! There are some instructions for some projects which my son really enjoyed building. My kids are ages 4, 5 and 7 and all love playing legos!
The box can hold about 5 times as many legos as come in the package. The lego pieces are mostly small or partial bricks and many tiny accessory bricks. I was very disappointed in the types offered. For "classics " I was expecting bricks that could actually make a decent sized structure.
My kiddos (9yo girl, 7yo boy, 4yo twin boys) love these. I bought all 4 their own box. Each box comes with a booklet to make basic designs that use the pieces included. I also bought a set of generic blocks to supplement, but they are just not the same quality and keep snapping apart. If you're looking for building blocks, don't skimp. Get the real thing. Nobody can beat Legos.
I worried about getting this as we generally purchase in sets. My son lately though has enjoyed building a variety of things without following any instructions. This set was perfect for him and he LOVES it. It has a great variety of colors and pieces which has expanded what he can build. Next time we buy Legos, we will re-purchase this!
FABULOUS Kit!!!  You can't find these kits in the stores-- Toys R Us carries almost exclusively pre-engineered Lego kits with instructions, which are great for teaching kids how to assemble IKEA furniture, but not so great for teaching them how to engineer and invent their own thing!  This one is packed with wheels and axels, so the vehicle-making possibilities are endless.  My daughter LOVES this kit.
"Classic Medium Creative" could only mean that it takes medium creativity to use because if it refers to the size  of the bricks then it's misleading as the size could not be smaller. Also and more importantly, if I wanted to add to this collection then the only additional Legos you carry do not indicate the specific size as in MEDIUM. It says Classic only. With at least 3 sizes and various amounts they should be precise.
For my son's birthday. These are awesome Legos with a beautiful variety of colors and a storage box to keep them all in. I liked that it came with ideas on things to make so if you're not a master builder you can still make some pretty cool stuff! Great for younger kids that aren't quite ready for the big expensive kits. Already purchased one of the booster packs for more Lego fun!
Great set of Legos with a variety of colors and pieces. Great value for the amount of Legos. This is. A great beginning set for kids transitioning from the duplo medium size Legos that are not quite ready for actual building sets. This set lets them be creative and build anything they want. Also easy to buy other sets to add to the collection.
Shipped on time, packaging in good condition.  It's classic Legos, the boy loved them and kept him nice and quiet for the next few hours after opening them. These were less expensive on Amazon than the prices I was seeing around the holidays in the big box stores.
Great basic set of Legos especially for anyone who is just starting their Lego collection. This set includes both The classic colors as well as pink and purple. I got this for a class room toy and has stood up well too much use and abuse.  I recommend Legos to all children and this is a great way to get a child started.
My son enjoys the lego set. They are very small legos. And my only grief is that the top on this does not snap on, it just kind of sits there. Not good if it tips over. Other then that my son plays with these legos all the time. Just don't step on one! Ouch!!!
My 6 year old can use this easily and she can make the items in the book easily. I wish there were more plain regular blocks in it though, but still it is a great buy and spurs kids' creativity. You really can't go wrong with Legos, way better than Megablocks.
I got a variety of the brick boxes/supplements to get the kids started with Legos. They offer a variety of pieces for free play and it includes building ideas too. Even though it clearly lists the contents on the box, I didn't realize there weren't any "guys" which was a disappointment to my kids. It would be nice if they included at least one.
Nice basic Lego set, good starter set. Can never go wrong with having its own storage. Plenty of space to add more sets to storage box. Has a breakdown of all the pieces on package. Was a few dollars cheaper on Amazon than Walmart at the time. Would have given 5 stars, but received with Lego wrapping ripped. This has happened to me before with Amazon shipping and handling. Wouldnt mind so much, but its a gift.
Hours of fun! This box has enough bricks to make everything on the instructions book, without having to take apart any project, as well as a few extras we found online. So much fun for our whole family!
This is a great starter Lego box, with a decent amount of Lego, different types of pieces, colours, and ideas to build. Good it comes in plastic box. Less than half full once you take it all out so plenty of storage space for more bricks. My son loves it. He's 4 and it's his first proper Lego set (had couple mini creators). It's the right age for him to get into it. There's a lot of small pieces to keep track of (and hunt for at bottom of box), but suppose that's part of the fun! I still love building Lego too!!
My son loves these. I gave them to him for Christmas, and he has played with them everyday since. It has instructions you can use to build several different things or you can just use your imagination!
I love how the different colors came in individual baggies. They don't even fill it up to the half way mark which is perfect for more lego's (but not our feet.) My son really appreciated the little instruction book that came with it. He already built all the creations in the book. That actually helped enhance his creativity. This is a great product for him
Classic Legos. Got them for a great price. Toys R Us was $15 more!! We have lots of princess legos and needed some regular ones for building. Teaching the kids to free form the legos and not just build the pictured stuff. Love them!!
I purchased this box for my 4 & 6 yr olds.  It's been so fun to watch them create their own builds from these pieces.  We've bought many Lego city sets, also great, but I love the creativity that is allowed by this box.  It does come with a book of suggested builds based on box contents, that is helpful as well. I'm very pleased with this product.
Legos are the best, let's be honest here. This is a great little box with a great, fun color variety and lots of different exciting pieces to play with. I love that it comes with a little "idea booklet" so if you're feeling un-inspired, you can follow directions to a masterpiece. The pieces are typical high-quality and work beautifully. My only disappointment was that it sounds like a bajillion pieces, and when I opened the box there weren't as many as I expected (although it does contain exactly what it says). Otherwise, great product.
What's not to love - great LEGO product!  We actually purchased these for a 4 year-old girl.  The regular LEGO sets for her age didn't seem to have much play value.  They were mostly pre-built!  So, we decided to just give her basic building blocks - that proved to be a good decision!
Bought as a gift for my niece and she loved the legos.  You cant find classic legos in the store like I played with when I was growing up (just sets to build specific things), and was super happy to find these online.  They're perfect to free build and play and the box is great for storage.
I bought this as a birthday present for a friend's granddaughter.  She turned 3, while she was playing with the other toys her friends opened my present and yelled LEGOS! They ripped off the cover opened the box and were about to tear up the baggies full of Legos.
My son loves legos and he loves recieving this set. I wish it came with more legos! We definitely have fun with this set. It also comes with a book of iseas on how to build certain things.
One thing if you child likes to make the models that are printed in the booklet, keep each little plastic bag set of bricks separated! I made the mistake of opening them all and dumping them in the box...what a chore to find all of the right pieces!
I was looking for a nice big box of loose parts for my youngest brother.  It does have a fair number, but the majority of the parts are very small, not necessarily bricks like I had hoped.  Not a bad staring point, but I would have probably looked into larger sets first before committing to this.
The classic legos never get old!  I am so glad that now I get to buy them for my nephew!  And it has the added payback bonus of my brother stepping on one in the middle of the night.  That is something money cannot buy!
I bought this to augment a few of my daughters' Lego sets.  We needed more "classic" pieces and this did the job nicely.  I like the bucket case it comes in as well.
This has a good mix of colors and pieces, including wheels/tires.  The pieces come bagged in groups by color making it easier to see what you have before it all gets mixed together.  This is better for those who like to create their own lego masterpieces, but it did come with a booklet telling you how to make a few things.
Maybe it's nostalgia but I think every child should own some classic legos.  Me and my son have a blast with these.  I love that you get a lego storage bin with this kit.  There never seems to be enough room to store all my sons legos so its a nice bonus to have this classic set come inside a storage bin.  What else is there to say... it's 484 pieces of lego fun
I seemed to enjoy this set more than my kid. These were a little tough for my 4-year old but with some help, she got through most of the instructions. Part of the building instructions were included and the rest were found online. I wish they included more generic building blocks so my kid can build a larger variety of objects. A lot of the included parts seem to be specific to the items in the set.
I'm 32 years old and still love Legos. I purchased this set for the local children's home and think the kids will love it. It comes with so many great pieces. I would highly recommend this set. It's a great starter set or an easy way to build on to an existing collection. The colors are also so bright and vibrant. Makes the Legos I played with as a kid seem a bit boring.
We bought this set for our son to supplement other kits we'd purchased previously. Great storage, lots of pieces and it even comes with building guides my 5 year old loves to use.
Cute set. Very tiny pieces that blend into carpets. Be careful not to step on them or vacuum them up. Maybe put down a sheet before play time.
Lots of great blocks in all sorts of fun colors!  You can make a whole lot of things out of this kit and it comes with a great book that is easy for kids to follow.  The box is not all solid plastic but it is sturdy.  My only complaint was that we needed some lego people to which I did not realize when I ordered it.
Great set for creative building thats not actually a "set" (like Superheroes, Friends, etc.). Kids can build whatever they want and be as creative and imaginative as they want to be. I thought 400+ pieces would be pretty substantial, and while it's a good start, my kids ran out of pieces fairly quickly. Will have to order another of these, or a larger set with more pieces.
Bought this to use to make cars for a 6 year old birthday party.  We had 7 kids, and I was hoping we could give each kid the same legos to build their sports car to run down the ramp.  We purchased a seperate set of wheels/axles but found it hard to break up the legos.  Part of the set includes misc pieces to build structures, etc.  After an hour of sorting and counting, we were able to make mediocre cars for each kid.  Its a great set to add onto legos but not sure about for a birthday party.
I used to love legos for my boys....now, not so much. You don't hardly get anything in this box to make it worth your while.
This was perfect. My son loves building things and these pieces just adds on to his imagination. His creative ideas have expanded with these classic brick pieces
Nice lego set that my sons enjoy. I do with that Lego included a larger quantity of larger blocks in this set instead of the large number of smaller pieces. This is typical of most Lego sets and is why I think there is a void in the market for off brand bricks.
Bought for my daughter for Christmas she loves them :) and follows the instructions and built quite a bit of different things has built up get confidence and imagination
I purchased these Legos for my grandson and he was so happy! He plays with them for hours on end using his imagination. Shipping was fast with Amazon Prime. The colors are nice and vivid as well. It was his birthday and grandma got it right!
I'm a mom of girls who are not into Lego's. I didn't count them but I was surprised at what "484" lego pieces looks like.This includes wheel pieces and a large green flat piece. Good color combinations and enough of a mix. But 484 don't look like a lot
What could be better than Lego? Not too much for me and this box was no exception, as it served to only add to my collection and make it that much more fun!
Legos are the best! Purchased these for my twin nieces for their 4th birthday. They couldn't wait to open and start building! Amazon had the best price and you can't beat prime shipping! Gonna buy another one soon for my son!
This set is awesome! My girls love putting together the booklet's creations, but they are also very creative on their own. I love that the boxes are so nice and tidy, but also that they store and stack so well. Excellent choice as a gift! Perfect for 5-year-olds and up! It has great projects inside and is a nice and tidy organized size.
The kids at my work love this set especially because it has wheels for making cars. The box is large for how few legos you get; I'm glad I can fit more in the future but wish this box had come a bit more stocked.
My son is extremely happy but I'm honestly disappointed. Where are the 2x4 bricks? There's barely a handful. Those were the cornerstone of my childhood experience playing with Lego!
This was a great set for my 4 year old builder. It was just the right amount to make the things she envisions and not too bulky so that it overwhelms her.
Looks like a bunch of pieces.  Then you open it up and most of the pieces are tiny tiny.  Pretty colors and its nice to have more wheels but if you buying this so you kid can build houses, you are better off buying a "bag of bricks".
My little man loves this he is an awesome builder and his creative mind allows him to imagine and build almost anything. I will get him another box of this classic Lego set.
Great starter kit for our youngest Lego fan. The price here is better than what I have found in stores and is a perfect add on or starter kit for the Lego fans out there. The projects are fun and easy enough but there's enough pieces to come up with many ideas and creations of your own!
This is a big box. I wasn't expecting only 1/4 of the box to be filled, but it's more than you think. The box is made of plastic and is sturdy. At least 1 piece of this set is in every creation my son makes, starting from the instructions booklet to making his own creations. He loves lego and our experiences are great.
The great classic Legos I remember from when I was a kid. Now I can enjoy these with my children. Great product with lots of building options. Its fun seeing what the kids will build.
Great collection  - - grandkids love them, so does their 67 yr old Grandpa. Only issue with these sets is that there are never enough! However, can you ever have enough LEGOS?
TONS of legos for HALF the price at the store. My son really loves how many different pieces there are in this set. We can make anything his little heart wants. We found this on Amazon for HALF the price it was at Walmart!
My son absolutely loved this purchase! He is a lego fanatic so to get a box at a great price where he can build and rebuild many different things is a win win in this household! It was well worth the price and I will definitely be ordering more legos in the future from here!
My son loves these legos, although I found them slightly expensive.  My husband is convinced that these legos are that price everywhere, which is why we bought them.  He may be right (I don't go to the stores to price shop.)  My son loves getting creative with these legos and building towers and things to destroy the towers!
My son can be as creative as he wants! He got this for his 7th birthday and is always inventing things with this set. Previously, we would purchase lego sets with set ideas -- i.e., pirate, police, etc. He didn't like those very much. But the creativity that comes with a bunch of random pieces has really made him happy. Great purchase.
My son LOVES all the colors and all the sets of wheels.
The container is much larger than expected. The legos only fill it about 1/3. The legos are good quality but the variety is a little disappointing. There are lots of colors but the style of lego and color mix isn't consistent. For little kids playing it will be perfect but for adult crafts it isn't right.
My 4 yr old is obsessed with Legos, so this year for Christmas he receieved this set. Hes soooooooo happy and has been playing with them non stop!
If you're looking for a gift to spark creativity in a young mind, this is perfect. It comes with a surprising variety of versatile pieces in a range of colors. It also includes a small idea/instruction book with some easy builds. I bought this for my 4 year old niece and she spent the rest of Christmas eve playing and building. Heck, I want one for myself.
Great combination of pieces to make a lot of different things.  I was pleasantly surprised how many wheels it has.
I loved Legos when I was a kid. I wanted to buy my kids some and could only find themed Lego kits in the stores. I am so glad Amazon has this original collection. As soon as we received it, the entire family started building. And my kids just love them. The only thing: there wasn't enough of them, which is my fault because I should have bought a bigger box or multiple ones. I didn't realize they would be such a hit with the kids. Way better than video games.
This is a great collection of many different pieces.  Instructions included for building all kinds of stuff.  Looks like you could build everything in the booklet with what is in the box all at the same time.  Great value.The box isn't "full" with pieces; room for expansion, as it were.  My son loves these and the price was right.
Great starter set where kids can just use imagination and not need instructions. I've been getting these as gifts for all the birthday parties my daughter goes to. Feels like a safe bet all kids would like even if they have some Legos already.
WOW - my kids cannot get off of this set for the second week! They sit playing for hours. A lot of options to build off the catalog or using your imagination. Highly recommended!
I bought this set for my 6 yr old. He has a lot of sets but not a lot of loose bricks for free building so I ordered this. It comes with a lot of pieces, a lot of unique pieces and wheels and has a lot of colors. He has really enjoyed it
Everyone loves legos doesn't matter the age! My family plays with legos all together lol
Good price, and lots of Lego's.  My daughter loved it and built every single item in the little book that it comes with. Of course her daddy helped her :-)My only complaint is that the book could come with instructions for more stuff I think.
This is a great starter set of Legos.  We've put together numerous Lego sets but this was our first assorted set for our young inventors. My kids have been wanting to make up their own creations so this was just the ticket. There are plenty of options to keep the kids busy for years to come!
These classic sets are all you need. Get the kids into working from the instructions, and then set them free to make their own creations.
My five year old got his first set of Legos for his birthday. This is a great starter kit! I love the included booklet so he has a place to start but now he makes his own projects.
This is a great selection of legos my son wanted some regular pieces to build with and he was very happy with these
My daughter loves these LEGO.  The box is great for storing them & there's plenty of room for additional LEGO.  The booklet of suggested designs is nice & I also like that it's not a specific set to build only 1 particular thing.
Love this box of assorted legos. It has great extra pieces like train wheels that make for endless imaginative play for my 5 yo. Each of these "creative brick boxes" has a slightly different assortment of pieces, so be sure to zoom in on the images to see what kinds of items your child might be more interested in. The train wheels for instance appeared to be only in this set, whereas others had more flowers, tree pieces, etc.
Bought as a gift for grandson. He LOVES them! Great to play with, lego's, of course he loves them, but also they come in the box, so mom and dad love them because they have the box to store them in afterwards when he is done playing. So many pieces, there is always something he can find to make to something new.
Our grandson loved this kit. I went on-line to the lego site and printed off more directions to even make more things with the legos.
This was purchased for my nephew who is 5.  He loves them.  It gives the flexibility for a kid to be creative and come up with many different builds on their own.  Of course you can always look up ideas to build also.An affordable purchase - would recommend for all younger kids.
My son absolutely loves these bricks. He entertains himself for hours with these bricks. I highly recommend them to any four year old and older. You have to make sure the kids don't put them in their mouths. They are so small but great for building.
The bags that came in the large box barley filled the bottom, was expecting more pieces to fill in the box, but all in all not a bad build. The extra space did leave a lot of space for other lego's to fit in.
My 5 year old recently discovered he loves Lego's, so this is a must buy if you find it at the right price especially
Who doesn't love a tub of legos? Bought it as a gift and was happy to find them all over my friend's livingroom! A true endorsement her son likes them.
I bought them for my daughter and love building with her!!  Ordered a base piece with it, which I highly recommend.  The booklet has great items to build and gives a link to the website where you can find more build ideas.  I'd forgotten how much I loved playing with Legos as a child!
Kids loved the new Legos. Anything lego related my kids love! This big box came with tons of pieces that both my children could share and build different items with.
I bought two of these for two White Elephant/Yankee Swap parties that I was going to.  One was with my coworkers (a very diverse group of people) and one was with my closest friends.  This gift was a hit and was stolen a few times at each event.  You're never too old for Legos and Legos aren't just got boys! The guy who won one of the sets wanted it for his daughters who LOVE Legos!
Too many small and specialized pieces.  I wish lego would add more 2 x 4 bricks instead of inflating the number of pieces with tiny stuff.  Still a nice set though.
This is a nice diverse set of Legos. It's the first set I purchased for my 4 year old and he's having a great time. We built random things for two hrs straight tonight. We will get back to work tomorrow. Nice carrying container with plenty of room to add more Legos to.
Decent assortment of Legos.  I was a little disappointed with the amount of Lego's that actually comes in the container, it's barely a 1/4 full of bricks.  Also, could have done without the pink and purple bricks but that's just my opinion.  My son won't use those colors in anything he builds, so kind of a waste.
Perfect gift for 7 year old.  Can't ever go wrong with LEGO.  Anything that makes the child use their imagination.....please.....no more video games!
This is a very cute Lego storage box. Since I have younger children, I removed the standard-sized Legos that came inside this box and filled it with Lego Duplo blocks instead. It holds a LOT of those, so it holds a ton of the regular sized bricks.
is one of the best toys ever invented, my children enjoy creating houses, parks, cars and many other things but the imagination is the limit.
Had a hard time coming up with stocking stuffers for my 12 year old, so I got this pack and just emptied it into his stocking...it was a hit! :)
Great colors and random pieces that can be used with her lego sets. Gives flexibility to build from your own ideas. The box isn't overly big and I doubt it will hold much of her other pieces.
Purchased as grandchild Christmas gift.....we love Lego sets but he is four and ready for a more general set to create designs and models of his own design.....we will be using this set on pre purchased Lego "bases" .....Christmas afternoon will be filled with designing and fun for both of us
Great starter kit for the kids. Lots of pieces and ideas. We downloaded extra instructions for other projects from the lego website. Highly recommended
Our granddaughter loves Legos and these do not disappoint!! A great addition to any Lego collector!
My children grew up with legos.  Now my grandson will too. This set is really very cool. There is a tool to help the kids pull the blocks apart. Wish they had that when my kids were young. My grandson has already spent hours with this set. Love it!
my son plays with these Legos everyday and creates new figures it is great for 5 year olds and up would definitely buy again.
My grand children loved this set & what a great variety of projects you can work on at the same time. So I can have several sets of little hands busy at the same time.It was packages wonderfully. Thanks so much for a great product.
Great assortment, quite a few small creatures can be made all at the same time with the included instructions.
Got this for my 6 year old, who loves LEGOs.  It comes with a direction booklet that shows how to make several things varying from very simple to more complex.  There are some cool things: alligators, trains, etc.  It also comes with a LEGO separator tool, which made my son OVERJOYED!  He gets frustrated sometimes when he can't pull them apart, so that was awesome!  Yes, LEGOs are pricey and there are not a ton of parts in the box, but there are lots of different things (wheels, etc.) and colors.  Overall, a nice set.
Price is right. There is a good mix of pieces.Nice storage box.I never had one of these when I was a kid, I'm kind of jealous!
BEST LEGO SET. Has a lot of different pieces and colors. Love the box it comes in as well. Son loves it.
Deceptive packaging would lead you to believe you are getting far more Legos than you are. The box is only about 1/3 filled with Legos. It makes a pretty good storage container though. And as always, the Legos are of great quality.
purchased as a gift for my cousin and he totally loved them.  You can't go wrong with legos.
Got this for my nephew for Christmas from a direct request for him! Love that it has a ton of classic pieces.
My 5 yr old son has loved this. I like the fact I can buy more for him and they will fit into this lego box!
I thought this would have had more- we were building legos with our son and for one person it would be ok but there's just not a lot in here. Not your money's worth.
My grandson loves it.  It is a nice alternative to video games.  He spends lots of time using his imagination to make interesting things. It comes in a plastic tub so storage is not a problem.  I plan to buy more so he can make bigger and better things.
Great set. I wish they would include all instructions for items to build that are shown in the book. You can look them up online but I'd rather not have my child staring at a screen for those instructions.
I bought this Lego pack for my kids to start them off with Legos.  It's a great set with many different parts & pieces.  They love it & I like that all the Legos are stored in the cute yellow box it comes in!
Bought two boxes of these to have my students do a geometry project. There were plenty of different sizes and shapes in this set for each student to have a unique shape at the end (they were building robots, castles, etc.). The container they come in is cute as well (and I actually ended up combining all the legos into one container). I'm saving the extra container for storage for my husband's lego collection. Nice set!
Whats not to love.  The more LEGO the merrier!Great storage design as well.
Great starter set to introduce to preschooler! Just enough to build cool things but not too much to be overwhelming. Cute box encourages clean up. Only quibble is that the bottom of the storage "block" has the indented circles to resemble legos bumps, but the little lego pieces get stuck in that space. Aside from that, a perfect toy for all ages!
My grandkids love these and play with it everytime they come over. The only thing is that this specific product only has small pieced, so if you don't have original sets with large blocks, you can only do small pieces. I guess for today's type of projects people do with Lego, it works, but if you're looking to do bigger pieces, this is a great add on.As a stand alone, it works, but you still need larger pieces.In all, we're very happy with our purchase.
Great lego for a 4 year old.  My daughter started losing interest on blocks and I got this lego for her.  She got hooked up with the cars, scooters, windmill,  palmtree and many more things she could make from this lego. We had to teach her how to read the instructions first.  After that she could follow the direcitons on the manual and build her own legos.  Way to go.  I would definitely recommend this to anyone who is looking to buy a lego.  This is the next lego set after the child retires with bigger blocks.
This box added new colors and a lot of pieces to the lego collection I keep at my house for the grandkids. They like it enough that it revived interest in playing legos.
excellent starter kit.  You will want to supplement this with more basic bricks if you can, but the container and variety are great.
My kids were thrilled to open this up on Christmas day. They sky is truly the limit with all of the pieces and colors that are included in this box. Great value, especially compared to the big brand name character kits.
Bought for granddaughters sixth birthday.  Can never go wrong with LEGO.  Lots of sizes and colors.  Just because she is a girl she doesn't have to have pink!  The hard plastic case was a great bonus.
Who can resist Legos?! Thanks to the wedding registry, we now have more blocks to build with!
Yeah it says classic lego, but the majority are far smaller than what I consider classic legos. Still, as you can see from my rating of 5 stars, it's a great toy for kids, our 2 girls love them and spend hours building things.
This really does stimulate creativity!  My grandson is building all kinds of neat stuff that doesn't require batteries or directions that are too intricate for his age group.  Some of the kits are great, but a 6 year old has difficulty with finding all the tiny pieces and using them in order, resulting in frustration.
Appreciate the variety of colors and the storage container. My only disappointment was that I thought classic meant there would be more of the main brick pieces to build with and not all the small and fancy add ones.
cant go wrong with legos. son loves this pack. play for hours with them and love that his has a little book to help him build
A good variety of lego parts. We wanted this one because it came with instructions to build the train. The doors that come in this set are very small, that's my only complaint.
The box is kind of big for the little amount of Legos that come in it, but knowing that Legos are pretty pricey, it wasn't too bad. My nephew was stoked with his gift. Sat and played for hours while we were there visiting!
Legos and a little boy.  What more can you say.  My son has a blast building the items.  The instructions are simple.  The only problem is do you ever have enough Legos?
As always, Legos are great!  Our 4 yr twins (girl & boy) sat down and never looked up for 2 hrs, creating Lego projects.  This box contains a good assortment of bricks to make several small items.  But we need more, so will be ordering again soon.
Bought as a gift for the child of a friend. Legos were a favorite toy of mine as a child. I don't think you can go wrong with Legos.
Excellent Christmas gift for Grandson.  He plays with them every time he comes to visit.
Good starter kit and some neat ideas for building. One note of irritation was that not all of the ideas are included in the instruction booklet; you have to go online and download them. Not a big deal and you can build most of what you see pictured on the box simply by looking at how they are constructed.
Kiddo loves them, makes flowers and what I think are dinosaurs. Good purchase for the money!
Purchased as a gift for our daughter for Christmas. She's getting older so we bought the smaller ones. These have a little bit of everything so there's a lot you can do and make with them. The container it comes with is cute and provides a lot of storage for additional Legos too.
We got this Lego set for my 3 year old daughter and she has played with them everyday for hours! There are some really fun pieces and cute colors in this set! I also love that it comes with a booklet of ideas so that I can build her fun things!
I bought this for my nephew on his birthday.  It is a set that will let you build what you want and not just 1 item.  It includes some instructions to help kids get started but lets the run free if they want.  Shipped fast and included everything it said it would.  Only con is it is a basic set which it stated.
I purchased this for my Lego loving 5 year old for his birthday, he loves it! We had to cancel his party due to sickness and he didn't complain a bit because he was playing with and building Legos the entire day. As a mom I love the storage box the Legos came in. It's a nice sturdy plastic.
I wish it would have contained some larger pieces for my kids.  This is a good complimentary piece for Lego building kids, but not a "one and done" set.
Grandboys said they needs lego's They love these things. I love the lego box
i bought two of these sets. these are perfect for girls and boys. i was very happy with the booklet that allowed them to copy the designs. there was enough pieces for them to develop their own, using their creative skills
Such a good deal! I expected it to be a little more full, but it was fine because we put our other legislation in the bucket.
Came with a manual.  The different lego projects have difficulty ratings.  Perfect for any child.
Classic legos can never be wrong. Just wish packaging was smaller. Guess we need to fill it up!
I'm buying classic Lego's before they possibly get discontinued for my son that's due in January. He can't play for a few years but I can! I like the different pieces and love the box. I would have just liked more of the regular bricks like I used to have
great grandson loved this. At 4 yrs old he is REALLY creating some neat stuff.
I was panicking as to what to get my husband for Christmas that he would actually use. He didn't need clothes or electronics, he has tons of those. Then I remembered how we were both big Lego kids growing up.He literally screamed when he opened the box and started building a dragon right then and there.
I was expecting better pieces, this seems like a ton of bottom of the barrel pieces
Who doesn't like legos!  Perfect set especially for 4-7 year olds.
Lots of various shapes and colors. Plenty of pieces to keep the kids (or adults) busy. Plenty of room in the box to add the pieces from existing collections and keep them all in one place. My nephew loves building with Legos, Legos will always be fun.
Good beginning set that you can add to.  Nice to have a container for clean up time.
what can i say? legos are the best toy ever.comes with plenty of different pieces of every color. wheels and wheel connectors too. and tires.i think this could make a great starter kit for anyone.
Bought for Marine Christmas gift drive toys for tots.  Looked great.
While the pieces fit together nicely and there are several fun LITTLE things to make, the box is very deceiving, giving you the idea of a LOT of blocks, where really with all the pieces inside it barely fills the bottom of the box.  I thought this would be a great starter box for my daughter with a good assortment, but it seemed really pricey for the amount of blocks even though I bought it on "sale".
Purchased for a gift.  Child loves Legos, so hope is a hit.
Legos. Always a classic. Made well, packaged well. Hours of entertainment between all the sets. These are not so skilled but do require some thinking and mechanics. Love that they make my kiddos think.
My son loves this! Just like all his lego! He get's so creative. I love love lego!
Loved it. Arrived as expected and my daughter had so much fun with this! Can't beat the price anywhere and so convienent!!
Perfect box to complement other Lego. The quality is always excellent. Good quantity of pieces. Maybe some more wheel could bring.
This review is from:LEGO Juniors Create & Cruise (App)This Classic Medium Creative Brick box is great for a starter but I wish there were more options of things to build (with directions provided). The included booklet has directions for 5 builds and there are 5 more options online to download but most are the super simple builds.
I love toys that my kids continue to use. They use this almost everyday
These days, a lot of toys are being dumbed down in the spirit of "No Child Left Behind" ( aka No Child Gets Ahead) and absurdities like Common Core. Legos, unfortunately are no exception. My nephew has sets where the car comes as a single piece and you need only snap a windshield or roof on to "complete" the assembly. Not so with this set. To create, you must work from scratch. This is much more rewarding and much more conducive to mental and dexterous development for children. This set takes me back to my own childhood where days were spent building working transmissions and functional helicopter swash plate assemblies.The container that is pictured is large, but the number of peices you receive barely covers the bottom. But, to be fair, you do get your money's worth. Many people complain that Legos are expensive. They are. However, the manufacturing processes, the quality of the materials, and the impossibly tight tolerances and precision certainly warrant the lofty price tag. As a mechanical engineer, I can state this confidently.I had previously purchased hundreds of dollars worth of Disney Princess Legos for my 5 year old daughter and they have been the most played with toy in the house, delivering endless hours of fun for us both. However, it was cute and amusing when she began making cars out of the wheels on Cinderella's dessert cart. I purchased this set to complement her existing sets and it has answered perfectly. We now have everything we need to construct an endless variety of vehicles and trailers.The set boasts a variety of colors and I don't know that I like that. It is frustrating when you are trying to stick to a specific color and you run out of pieces. I wish that Lego offered sets in specific colors.
Great set for creating whatever your heart desires. It's not a huge set but enough to create small little things to play with. My kids love these. It has 454 pieces, comes in basic Lego colors. You can make a little train or flower or whatever you wish. I love the little tote in comes in to keep everything together.
Great product just as described. Received quick and had no issues
Good set of classic bricks for the price, however be aware that the bucket is only about a third full.
Good starter set of legos. The storage box is a plus.
Excellent Lego set. Unending entertainment for my two kids.
We love these so much! Hours of fun and. A feat variety in this box! These were a Christmas gift and have been hours of fun for our entire family! I love to play with these with our kids and see their creativity come alive. All my boys can get together and play these for hours with no arguing even my two year old likes to join in!! I will definitely be ordering more of these for their birthday! Quick shipping and great quality! I love the fact that it comes with a large box to store them all in!!
Lots of bricks, which is great! But I wish there were more options for buying bricks in all the same color. Because there are so many colors, it means there are only a few bricks in each color, which makes it hard to build something that looks realistic/professional. This may not be as much of an issue for some Lego builders (especially younger builders are less likely to care about the colors), but I'm a picky builder... :)
I bought these to use at a Lego party during free play. They're awesome. It has every color imaginable and lots of important/interesting pieces. My kids have made more things from their imagination with these, especially my daughter who loves having all the choices and colors.
Exactly what I ordered, and a great price. If you need plain lego set, this is a great kit! Comes with a book with instructions on many creation ideas.
Was a gift for my grandchildren and they loved it.
Great set of classic Legos. This medium set comes with a plastic storage box. The box itself has a lot more room to add more Lego additions into it.
Bang for your buck. My lil boy made like 5 different legos from this box. Awesome
I bought this as a gift and it was received very well. I love how it was packaged. I would buy it again!
We needed a bulk Lego kit with wheels - this was exactly what we were looking for.
Fun little kit. We really enjoyed building with it, and the idea book was full of unusual things to build. Kid loved it.
This is perfect for my 5 year old to use his imagination and not feel like he's constricted by directions.  The variety is great and he has built robots, cars, and houses so far.  Love that it has a storage container.
Great product and price. My grandchildren love it!
I got this for my nephew. It is absolutely perfect and such a great price.
Great colors in this, good selection of blocks and a handy container for them too.My 5 year old is very pleased.
Great set for the price. You can make a lot of different things that you can look up online!
Ordered for my daughter for Christmas. Theres ideas in the book that came with it for new builds and its a nice case to keep all the legos plus some in when not being used.
Grand kids love their Legos, and these are no different.
Ordered this for a dear friend's 5 year old son - it is his first set of Legos and he was soooo excited!  I love how the case is big enough that he will be able to store many more Legos in one place.
I think I saw this later for somewhat cheaper at Sam's Club, and I wish there were more pieces, but the girls liked it.
Great variety for the price. This box opens up options for the builder and works great with other kits to extend thier use. My Son has gotten a lot of enjoyment out of them.
Grandson loves his Legos plays with them all the time
Great set with lots of colors and useful pieces!
Really happy with the Leggos and container.
Great free thinking set. Got this for my 3 year old for when her sisters were doing Lego friends and they all love playing with them!
A perfect start to Legos! My four year old loves looking at the instructions online and finding new things to build. Since this Christmas purchase we have added several other kits to his collection and are able to store all of them in this box for now.
My son liked it but still wasnt as many legos as he thought most of the qty count are those super small parts
It was exactly what my nephew wanted, and very affordable, Christmas day came and he lit up, we put it together which was very easy, so much so he could have done it on his own, he had used it every day since
My son loved these! Carrying case is strong and lid is easily removed by a kid, but not so easy that it slides off unexpectedly.
my 3 yr old child loves it, plays with it everyday as he wakes up for hours, sometimes i feel like hiding it lol. anyway he builds till his heart is fulfilled if I am not able to help him. Great toy for any child
This was a great buy and my son loves it.  The Lego's come in separate bags according to color, along with an instruction book and online guide.  We were able to make a police car, alligator and so many other objects that our small box of Lego's didn't feel so small.  This is a great starter kit for anyone interested in Lego's.
Good set. 4 stars because they, like all Legos products, are overpriced, but it's a good set. It fits well with the large set we have because it contains different colors.
I love the magic of Lego's so happy we purchased these
The product is ok. But it missed parts 4653822 and 6024730, two black parts were very important to built helicopter! It is not worth to return it just missing the two parts.
Looks just like the picture. Nice packaging. My friends 8 yr old will like it.
Has everything you need for basic building.
My granddaughters were so excited to receive this when I visited in Africa where they live. It is a nice boost to expand the many other Lego Friends sets they have.
More than a month when I bought it but still they playing it
The kids all loved it for Christmas!
Can't go wrong with a basic brick box, full off all the colors and sizes you need to add to existing lego creator sets or create a new design from just your imagination.
Classic Legos.  It's fun watching my nephew building.  Allows creativity that specialized sets don't allow for.  Will be buying more for my kids once they're older.
You would think they'd fill the box with legos, but there are barely any included. No numerical listing can possibly represent just how little bricks you'll be looking at when you open the box.
You can make a lot with this box!
Lego, is there anything better for a child to be creative
Love legos!! I just thought the legos would fill more of the box. The box you get to hold the legos makes 484 pieces look like you hardly got anything, especially with all the tiny pieces for little details that they include in the count. I was a little disappointed, I thought 484 pieces would look like more and be plenty to keep my 3 kids entertained. The kids enjoy the legos, they're just all ready wanting more so they can build some different stuff. This would be good for 1 maybe 2 kids who enjoy building
To be fair it's hard to screw up legos.
This is a great starter kit for my five year old. He still needs help creating objects, but has fun building on his own. I recommend also buying the large Lego matts, so you have a sturdy building surface.
There's not a huge variety of sizes and styles but there are a lot of blocks and with the different sets my son already has they go in great.  He can pretty much make whatever he wants to go along with his sets.
How can you go wrong with a box of the classics?  Assemble and break it down, sort and shake it around!
Christmas gift  for 7 year old
Nice set of Lego's for the money! Comes with assorted colors.
This collection has some great pieces. Could use a few more standard pieces (4x2 & 2x2).
Perfect size for our 5 year old boy. He loves building and this allows him to be very creative with his engineering skills!
Lot's of creative potential
Bought as a gift but considered keeping these for myself. Legos are always great and this kit has a nice mix to play with
I am satisfied with this product.
Great set for the imagination
Purchased as a Christmas gift and they were a total hit for my 7 year old nephew. They come in a box which is essential as when they are done playing they can store in the solid plastic box. It comes with different pieces so the possibilities in building seem endless. Legos, you cant go wrong.
Nice starter set, I just wish it came with more of the bigger pieces, such as base plates, instead of so many tiny, specialized pieces.  Looks like Lego really isn't so much for kids who want to come up with their own designs anymore.
I was looking for more traditional colors in various shapes and sizes.  All the different colors are fun but not sufficient for what I was trying to accomplish for my son's 4th birthday party. My vision was completed just not in the fashion/ color scheme I was hoping for. Also the packaging for the Legos themselves was quite deceiving.  I thought there would be plenty more Legos looking at the outside.  The inside is quite empty once opened.
Legos! You get a lot for your money.
Kid never played with them becasue his sister got big PINK Duplo blocks that he thought were cooler I guess.  So, only I did, and I believe they rock.  Basic pieces to build stuff.
We love this set the most as you can create whatever you want and mix it with other sets that you might have already. I wish there are more bigger pieces though.
Bought for my 7 y/o for his LegoClub at school. Loved having one box to keep them all in.
grand kids loved they
Buy 2 mesium boxes for a better deal than the large!
Superb..My kids already have a set. My son likes it a lot. Gifted my neighbor's son..Even those kids love it..Definitely 5 Stars..
Given as gift. You can't go wrong with legos.
Nephews love it
I bought this for my younger brothers for Christmas and they still play with them often. This is the perfect gift for any children!
Good product, thanks.
Legos are awesome and this helps his creative side build and make things that he loves. He enjoys these sooo much. This is my second set I ordered for him.
Son loves it, a lot of pieces, and he get to be creative with this
This was purchased as a gift for someone, so I can't comment on the quality. However, the packing looked nice.
Grandson got for Christmas.  He has already built all kinds of things with it.
Great value for the money, number of pieces as advertised, a very good blend of Lego parts for making a myriad of different things that the whole family can really enjoy.
A lot of odd peices, dont really care for it.
But the lid doesn't lock on and the booklet only includes a few things he can build.That being said, my autistic 7 year old nephew LOVES these!
This gift has gotten the MOST use of any toy my daughter has.  It's a great "starter" set.  Lots of variety, and no specific plans to follow.  Just a great set.  I like the carrier case too.
My son LOVES these and I love it came in a container so I didn't have to buy another one to store them in! Great purchase.
daughter loves them
Nice box of lego's. Great set of instructions. My 4 year-old immediately took to it and started building the hardest models.
Excellent set.  The box is great for my 2 year old to keep his legos separate from his brothers.  Great price as well.  (Note: my son does not put things in his mouth so he is fine supervised with legos.)
i was bored at work and now i have some desk decorations
I'm glad I got this for the size of the storage bin, but I was surprised at the small amount of Legos included.
nephew loves it
Love that he can store all his LEGO bricks inside of it.
Real Legos are always better than knockoff brands.  You pay more but at you know they are consistent in their fit.  My daughter loves them.
Ordered these for my soon to be 5 yr Olds birthday. She's going to love them. They already have 2 sets at their dads. They play with them for hours. The price on amazon is so much better in stores too. Shipping was also quick!
daughter and husband love it!
Grandson is into free building, this is a nice set to have for him to play with at my house.
My kids love it. Just know that the container will be 1/8 full with the legos that come with the box. PLENTY of space to add to for future purchases of legos.
Great present
there legos
They are well loved by my grandson.
This is good if you have a child who would rather build using his imagination. My son has been having a lot of fun with these Legos, I'm really glad I purchasedIt.
no comment.
Not nearly enough legos for the giant castles i want to build. And theyre too expensive if you ask me.Perfect quality from lego as always.Im gonna go back to minecraft.
I bought these for my brother who was deployed in Afghanistan, and he LOVED them!
Excellent assortment of Lego blocks and building pieces. This is the first set of legos we bought for my son and he is in love them. I will be buying more in the future. Im very impressed with the variety of pieces that come in this box.
It's a great beginner set. I like that there are different sizes and colors to use. I also like that we can use the container for storage when we get more.
Love these sets
The legos didn't even go 1/4 of the way up the bucket. For some reason I was expecting it to be mostly full size pieces, but I was very wrong on that.  Pictures on side of box are very misleading.
Great starter set for my son. This helped as we transitioned from Duplo to regular Legos. The book that comes with it has some great build ideas to get things started.
We have so many LEGO sets and fbjs product is perfect for kids with an imagination!
Good buy!
Love them
I liked how this box comes with a lot of pieces but all the pieces that are similar came in a package inside the box. It was so helpful when trying to sort them out for my son. The booklet  does not give you all the instructions on how to make every animal, car, truck, building that is advertised on it. You would have to find those instruction via the internet.
What a great price! My daughter loves Legos and this was the perfect amount for her to play with. I love that it comes with a storage container. Shipped fast with great packaging!
Great price and prompt shipping!
Great box from free play.....reasonable price.  First r the imagination of any kid it isn't too much, but plenty of variety.
You can NEVER go wrong with legos! My boys 10, 6, and 4 LOVE THEM and my 3 year old daughter loves them too.  These are fun for anyone at any age, even 99 ; )
What can I say? They're Legos. And this is a good assortment of them for a reasonable price, compared to a lot of their packs for building a certain scene.
thanks
Grandson loved it.  It gave him greater opportunity to design and create his own camping vehicles and trucks.
The book is nice quality but really it's useless. The ideas in the book involve pieces that are not standard. So my son can't even build anything in the book
I love building with Legos and my grandchildren loved to help me plus they like to make things on their own.
My grandchildren love it.
Great starter pack for my 4 yr old. I like the hard plastic case and variety of instructions included for projects.
Great kit of classic blocks with a nice selection of specialized blocks. its more of a supplement for an existing Lego collection. the storage box is a great plus.
Grandkids love legos!!!
If you have a lego fan this is a great gift for them. There are instructions to create specific projects included or they can build whatever they want. The collection of pieces is a nice mix and we've been having hours of fun. The box is also a great storage system.
I like this better than the sets, a better value and inspires some creativity.  Also, is a great add on to the sets to expand and allow more play with the creations my sone made from the sets.
It's Lego so ultimately it's just awesome
Lots of fun
This is a good value to get anyone started on legos.  Comes with a good variety of pieces for most general purpose building.
I was excited to get this set to get my son started with Legos. But this is definitely better as an add-on set, as there are very few block pieces included here. Lots of pieces that he will never use. I will just go to the Lego store to by the blocks and basic pieces to serve as a foundation for his Lego collection.
Bought it for my sons 7th birthday and he loves it. There are many colors and pieces so he can build many different things. The only reason its not 5 stars is because I was expecting more pieces than what came and I ended up having to buy a spare bag as well.
it's a good set with lots of little projects to work on with my four year old along with just some free building.
Great first lego kit for our little one.  We did order some supplement classic 2x4 bricks to supplement (item 3001) from the Lego Store.  This kit is nice but our four year old likes to build with the larger sized bricks.
very good
Decent price for these Legos. It's a good starter set and comes with easy to follow instructions. I am happy with this purchase however it would be nice if it came with a mini figure. I'm very happy with this purchase and this will keep my daughter busy for a long time!
Basic lego set, so there's not much to say. Color line has been expanded to include some of the colors that were previously in the "bright" collection.
Grand loved this
How can you say anything bad about Legos. Goos selection. Comes with some small instructions. Let the imagination run wild!
Brought this for my nephew for his birthday and he loves it but of course who doesn't love legos!  The parents love it because there is a convenient container to hold all the pieces after his is done playing with them.
great
Grandchildren Approved
Good product
Good children play
Purchased as a gift for a six year old who loves Lego's....He loved it! The box is wonderful too because it is a nice storage box for his Lego's!
Great Lego Set. The case is large and very useful!My 5 year old daughter loves this.
Awesome Legos my little loves them already
My son loves this set!
For sons 8th bday...he loved it! Nice variety of colors and unique pieces for creative building!
I bought this as a starter set for my 7-year-old girl.  I was looking for something that was not a "girl" set, but still had colors that my girl would find pleasing.  This set fits those needs perfectly.  It contains a wide variety of pieces that have allowed for many types of designs.  The whole family has enjoyed it.
We love our legos!
Full of super tiny Lego pieces vs regular normal block sizes. So many accessory lego pieces.
I bought this for my grandson. He loved it!
Purchased as a gift.  Recipient LOVED it and spent the whole afternoon playing with it.  Good thing it came in a nice big box because there are LOTS of little pieces.
What can I say...Lego's are awesome. Pretty large box for such a small amount so don't be deceived by the size, but nice variety as stated on the package. Room to add more for storage.
years, since so many things you can do with them and brings up a manual if you want to do specific things. Worth buying.
In perfect condition. It's Lego, so it's excellent quality. There were less Legos included than I expected. Once you take all the pieces out, the tub is maybe a quarter full. I think the tub is intended to be storage for multiple sets.
Comes with some instructions and ideas. Love the bin for storing the bricks.
Go for it. You know you want a box of legos. Good amount for the price. The box is big enough to continue to fill with more legos. Box is designed like a giant Lego to stack one other boxes. Awesome product.
Grandkids love them.
Grandson loves his legos!  Endless possibilities for building!
My 3 and half year old got upgraded from Duplo to LEGO !  I loved LEGO as a kid, but don't remember being pieces this small!  My kid loves it.  Some of the parts are really really small, so you must be careful, if you have a baby or pet around.....
House is a mess every single time my boys pull this box out. They get very creative and do enjoy playing with their Legos. Kids are happy so parents are happy.
Comes with many different build instructions and ideas. My 6-and-3-year-old kids love it! We will probably add-on to it with other Lego Classic sets, which are numerous and there are so many varieties to choose from. This is packaged well and ofcourse, we really appreciate the box which is great as storage.
They're Legos.....what's not to like?
I wish there were huge boxes like this that came with the green base pieces. My granddaughter loves the Legos but only has a small set of green to build and her imagination is much bigger than that!
I actually bought two of these sets for my son, who is 5. He enjoys being creative and using the different peices to build cars and buildings.
Legos are always great the only thing I hate about them is stepping on them lol. A lot of different colors and sizes they are great with the Lego table that I bought. I was very happy with them
My son loves it
Super fun for anyone who loves legos! Great for creative minds to build whatever they want. It also has a booklet of ideas to get them started.
Absolutely love this,  Give my son the ability to build something new, not the typical kit that is pre established.  This is a great way to buy legos,  better value and more imagination for the kids!! buy it.
my students love it, the box is big enough to store another (non lego brand) of 1000 bricks that i bought as well.
Never have enough lego's.
Nice product!!
Was missing one of the pieces to complete a demonstration projects, but nice for the price.  Lots of little pieces, so I wouldn't recommend it for under 6 years old.  Love the addition to the Lego tool.  All in all, Grandson was happy with it.  Would buy again.
