Don't make the same mistake I did. This is NOT the standard "green" color you are used to seeing in this size baseplate. This is "bright green." Look, "bright green" is a beautiful color and the plate looks great. I just wish Lego did a better job of advertising that "bright green" was now being offered in place of "green." This color change will come into play if you are hoping for the standard green color to match existing plates you have or complete a set that calls for the standard green color. So, there is nothing wrong with this baseplate or the color; I only want people to understand that it is a shade brighter than the previously offered green.
For those asking if this are compatible with Lego Duplo. They are, but not 100%. They are made for regular Legos but you can attach Duplos on top and even attach some regular Legos (even-number bricks only) on top of Duplos.Picture shows examples of Legos you can attach on top of Duplos.
I have a love-hate relationship with this baseplate...It's not the same shade of green as the previous green colored LEGO baseplate. See images. With my first image, on the left is the new green and on the right is the previous green. If you have several of the previous green LEGO baseplates, then you'll be quickly disappointed when you compare the new with the old.Overall, its LEGO quality which is always top notch. Make no mistake, this baseplate will do anything and everything you'd expect out of a baseplate. Additionally, if you don't have any of the previous green colored baseplates, then you won't know the difference in color. This baseplate color is perfect for a park and/or forest scene as you can see in the other images that I shared.If you found my review helpful, please consider clicking 'helpful' below. If you have any questions, don't hesitate to ask.Happy bricking!
Excellent addition to any lego builder's collection. Gives a collective place to assemble. I bought 2 green but will probably get some other colors. Thick enough to build on and maybe carry a short distance. Or glue to a permanent base.
I bought a few of these to my ever-growing LEGO city.  I took off one star because compared to the precious 32x32 baseplate offering, this one is actually more expensive for no reason.  Also, this one is not your usual LEGO green; it is a BRIGHT green.  I would take off another star for that since the contrast is quiet evident, but since I usually use up all of 32x32 studs, I won't see it, so for my purposes it's not too bad.  I attached an image showing the difference of the usual green and this new bright green.
I ordered this plate and the DUPLO plate at the same time. I am glad to have both but it is mostly unnecessary. The square and rectangular DUPLO Lego shaped blocks fit well on this classic plate and do not fall off when turned upside town. It is a little more tricky to get them to click in place vs the DUPLO plate. It is a lot easier for my young toddlers to use the DUPLO plate. All of the fun DUPLO shapes (bushes, flowers) and characters (bunnies, people) do not click in place on this classic board. Works great with all of the classic Lego blocks and characters we tried.If I were going to create a Lego table I would use these and skip the DUPLO plates even with the toddler. You could always just have a floating DUPLO plate if you found it necessary.
It is as advertised, so I only took off one star, but I have to say I regret purchasing this. Even on sale it is an overpriced piece of plastic and now that I have gotten more into lego, I find that I would rather use the thicker building plates. I think getting the lego education building plates set would be a better value for most builders...even the youngest ones.If you want to make a lego table for your kid, I suppose this is a decent option, but I would advise against doing so, as hinged buildings are more fun for play (look at some of the building sets if you don't know what I mean). Also,it is quite thin and I think small children could snap it if they wanted to.
We got four of these as stocking stuffers for our children, who love legos. I didn't bother to measure first, and when they arrived they were much too big to fit in the stockings, but we wrapped them and gave them separately. That was not really a bad issue to have. Our children love them! They have already built towns and castles on their baseplates. They are small enough to fit in our plastic lego tubs, and a great size for creative lego play. The only slightly negative part is that they are a lot thinner than large flat pieces that come with lego sets, so it seems like it would be easier to break them. We have not had that issue, though.
I purchased the Architectural Set from Lego--meant to be used to create your own buildings and what-not, and a good-sized base plate seems to be a necessity. I think these are a bit pricey, but necessary to get a project going. The piece is sturdy, and I know from seeing them in action that these baseplates are durable and long-lasting.
I got a few of these on sale during the Black Friday specials and couldnt be happier. I used them to make a table for my son to build legos on. It was a Christmas gift and he loved it! I would definitely purchase these again.
Don't make the same mistake I did. This is NOT the standard "green" color you are used to seeing in this size baseplate. This is "bright green." Look, "bright green" is a beautiful color and the plate looks great. I just wish Lego did a better job of advertising that "bright green" was now being offered in place of "green." This color change will come into play if you are hoping for the standard green color to match existing plates you have or complete a set that calls for the standard green color. So, there is nothing wrong with this baseplate or the color; I only want people to understand that it is a shade brighter than the previously offered green.
For those asking if this are compatible with Lego Duplo. They are, but not 100%. They are made for regular Legos but you can attach Duplos on top and even attach some regular Legos (even-number bricks only) on top of Duplos.Picture shows examples of Legos you can attach on top of Duplos.
I have a love-hate relationship with this baseplate...It's not the same shade of green as the previous green colored LEGO baseplate. See images. With my first image, on the left is the new green and on the right is the previous green. If you have several of the previous green LEGO baseplates, then you'll be quickly disappointed when you compare the new with the old.Overall, its LEGO quality which is always top notch. Make no mistake, this baseplate will do anything and everything you'd expect out of a baseplate. Additionally, if you don't have any of the previous green colored baseplates, then you won't know the difference in color. This baseplate color is perfect for a park and/or forest scene as you can see in the other images that I shared.If you found my review helpful, please consider clicking 'helpful' below. If you have any questions, don't hesitate to ask.Happy bricking!
Excellent addition to any lego builder's collection. Gives a collective place to assemble. I bought 2 green but will probably get some other colors. Thick enough to build on and maybe carry a short distance. Or glue to a permanent base.
I bought a few of these to my ever-growing LEGO city.  I took off one star because compared to the precious 32x32 baseplate offering, this one is actually more expensive for no reason.  Also, this one is not your usual LEGO green; it is a BRIGHT green.  I would take off another star for that since the contrast is quiet evident, but since I usually use up all of 32x32 studs, I won't see it, so for my purposes it's not too bad.  I attached an image showing the difference of the usual green and this new bright green.
I ordered this plate and the DUPLO plate at the same time. I am glad to have both but it is mostly unnecessary. The square and rectangular DUPLO Lego shaped blocks fit well on this classic plate and do not fall off when turned upside town. It is a little more tricky to get them to click in place vs the DUPLO plate. It is a lot easier for my young toddlers to use the DUPLO plate. All of the fun DUPLO shapes (bushes, flowers) and characters (bunnies, people) do not click in place on this classic board. Works great with all of the classic Lego blocks and characters we tried.If I were going to create a Lego table I would use these and skip the DUPLO plates even with the toddler. You could always just have a floating DUPLO plate if you found it necessary.
It is as advertised, so I only took off one star, but I have to say I regret purchasing this. Even on sale it is an overpriced piece of plastic and now that I have gotten more into lego, I find that I would rather use the thicker building plates. I think getting the lego education building plates set would be a better value for most builders...even the youngest ones.If you want to make a lego table for your kid, I suppose this is a decent option, but I would advise against doing so, as hinged buildings are more fun for play (look at some of the building sets if you don't know what I mean). Also,it is quite thin and I think small children could snap it if they wanted to.
We got four of these as stocking stuffers for our children, who love legos. I didn't bother to measure first, and when they arrived they were much too big to fit in the stockings, but we wrapped them and gave them separately. That was not really a bad issue to have. Our children love them! They have already built towns and castles on their baseplates. They are small enough to fit in our plastic lego tubs, and a great size for creative lego play. The only slightly negative part is that they are a lot thinner than large flat pieces that come with lego sets, so it seems like it would be easier to break them. We have not had that issue, though.
I purchased the Architectural Set from Lego--meant to be used to create your own buildings and what-not, and a good-sized base plate seems to be a necessity. I think these are a bit pricey, but necessary to get a project going. The piece is sturdy, and I know from seeing them in action that these baseplates are durable and long-lasting.
I got a few of these on sale during the Black Friday specials and couldnt be happier. I used them to make a table for my son to build legos on. It was a Christmas gift and he loved it! I would definitely purchase these again.
It's your standard sturdy baseplate. I didn't appreciate the Lego brand baseplate until I bought an off brand one that just didn't quite align right. This one is great, and a nice size. I have it hot glued to the work surface, and it's stayed beautifully. I purchased it as an add-on item though for just under $7, which seemed like an ideal price.
We bought these for my son for Christmas. I have to say, I remember LEGO baseplates being SO much easier to come by and so much cheaper!  Nevertheless, we needed something for him to build on, so this is what we ordered. The quality is fairly decent and the packing is good, but it's nothing like the old LEGO from the 80's and 90's.
I ordered this for my 5 year old to create his Lego masterpieces on and he loves it.  It's great for saving any builds that he's not finished with as well.  I can safely move this from table to counter, etc, and the Legos stay in place.
Good quality, but this prodict is SO way overpriced for just being a molded square of plastic. Yet it is definitely a must-have for freestyle Lego projects, so.....golly Molly, what can you do?  If you're getting a box of Lego bricks, might as well get this too.  Maybe even more than one.  Just bite the bullet and cough up the dough because this is a Lego necessity, not a Lego luxury.
When carefully balanced on your forehead this can be used as a shady eye protection!
My first order got lost in the mail but this company was awesome and sent me a new order right away (no extra charge)! My kids are using it for their Duplo Legos and it works just fine. Its not 100% perfect fit but they are happy. I want to glue the boards to a table or something because I am afraid they will get broken by my toddlers since they are thin.
What bad is there to say I mean LEGO that says it all. I got these to make a table top platform for my kids. glue them down and build away. If you glue them down next to each other. MAKE SURE to use LEGOs to connect the two pieces together so they stay perfectly aligned. Otherwise you wont be able to bridge the distance from one plate to the other.
A lot of people complain about the color, but I dont mind. It fits my first order battlepack, my Anakin's Azure Angle, and my beefy Poe's T-70. The wings of the starcraft strech off the plate, but I dont mind. Get some clear studs if you want to show off a starfighter. Refer to my review of them for optimal stability.If you want to crate a moc battlescene, get this in tan.
This is part of a Christmas gift for grandson.  A baseplate is a baseplate and this one arrived in excellent condition and was priced with a nice savings.
Needed these to make a "lego" table for our son. A little disappointed about the limit of only 3 that can be purchased.
I am taking off 1 star bc I bought this board to go with duplos, I read multiple reviews stating that this board would work but this isn't entirely true. The board works with only standard duplo blocks, but not any blocks that might go with a duplo set. For example windows, doors, little beds, etc. Overall the product was fine and I'll keep it for my when daughter starts using Legos, but I am disappointed that it isn't entirely compatible with duplos
Love this green base plate. It is big enough to be able to build larger structures on, such as a garage (my nanny kid's favorite) or houses (my favorite). Since it is Lego brand it does fit the Lego brand blocks. I just bought off brand bricks,  and when they get opened I will review how well they stick onto this board. Overall, I would highly recommend it!
It's a Lego baseplate. There isn't much more to say than that. Good quality material, made it to my door in one piece and functions like any other Lego baseplate. If you need one, you could d9 worse than ordering one here.
The grandchildren love displaying their creations on the base plate.  I just with the base plates weren't so expensive.
This was perfect for what my 8 year old needed.  He needed a small base to keep his small Lego minis from toppling over.  He seems to enjoy having the baseplate.  He doesn't have an extensive Lego set, but the plate was the perfect size for him right now. He can set up a few pieces in a series and not worry about them falling over or apart.  Good product, but kind of pricey.
Anything Lego is great :) except of course when you step on a random piece :(  My Grandsons have a Lego table that hold 8 baseplates in place, and we had to replace one plate (no problem) the only problem was/is; the green color didn't match w the green plates that came w the table....I don't know whether there are varying colors for the baseplates? just a little fyi.
Pretty standard LEGO piece, and high quality that we've come to expect from LEGO. Bright Kelly green color works great for nearly everything you would build, with only a few exceptions, as it doubles for grass. 10"x10" (give or take) and standard Lego size, not the large duplo, though duplo a do work on it.
A little flimsy, but it's great for legos. If you get multiple of these you can put them on a table and have the perfect building area. This is a great add-on for LEGO products.
The product we received was exactly what the pictures showed. I ordered two green Lego baseplates for a Lego table that is being built for my son. My only issue was you are only allowed to purchase a maximum quantity of two per amazon account and the Lego table we are making requires a total of six. I had to order the additional four from the Lego store(same price, just slower shipping)
This was bought as an add-on item and there's not much more to say because it's Lego and it was well priced
Great in combination with the sand colored base and Lego kit. Bought as gift for friend and they love it.
Bought as a gift to go with a building set, we love our so much.  We only trust LEGO brand baseplates!
Returned it but I am now having second thoughts about buying it again. It would make taller building projects and larger ones more stable. I might need a couple of them because two kids share the Legos. I believe it was an add-on and was a good price.
Its LEGO grass. What is there more to say? I would have rated it 6 stars if stepping on this didnt feel like death.
This is a standard baseplate for legos. It's big enough for small projects, so good for a kid starting out with their first set of "big kid" legos. It's a bit thin, though, so it may not be super durable for the younger age set unless they understand not to try to bend it or step on it. It has survived my 2 year old walking on it though!
Great product but I HATE that fact that the seller limits it to two per person on ordering. I was making a lego table for my son with multiple base plates and had to source from different sellers due to LEGO's absurd policy.
The baseplates help my young grandsons build on. It is easier for them to build a more sturdy structure that doesn't collapse.
Feels super flimsy. Would be nice if the bottom was made so legos could attach underneath.
Bought 4 of these and made a Lego table using an old Ikea lack table. Works great.
It is exactly what it says it is. Measures 10x10, holds all your Lego creations, within reason of course. Was hoping to find a bigger one, but for the price, it's a good start.
These were fine; used for a Lego table. Why do they have to cost so much though?
These are great to have around for any age LEGO builders. I deducted a star for the ridiculous price attached to it. Only worth getting while on sale.
My review is for the LEGO Classic Green Baseplate Supplement by LEGO.....It arrived fast with no problems. My son ordered this with his own money. He is building his own Lego table. He was happy to get it but for the price and size he was a little disappointed....We know it's Lego brand but it's just a base.....
You can never go wrong with legos. The kids love building their structures on a new platform.
granddaughter don't have to fight over her own baseplate with her brother
Great Lego base board to build on, and they last a very long time. Thank you!
Lego base plates are the best!! Priced right and a must for any Lego fan.
I just love this...I bought one for each kid and it gives them there own building foundation. It is great, durable, and perfect size.
Great expansion for your lego city, what more can be said.
What can I say...It's LEGO!!! Lego is always excellent!!!
Loved it. Arrived as expected and my daughter had so much fun with this! Can't beat the price anywhere and so convienent!!
A little flimsy and it does cost a bit. But it was as expected and can build a lot of things on it. Must add for people who want to be a builder.
Added to legos gift. You can't go wrong with legos.
I bought this as gift for my little brother who is a lego lover. This is half the price on Amazon compared to the department store. Its the perfect size to get really creative. Hes built homes, cities, and uses it to place boats and cars he makes to display.
Was hoping the actual base plate with a little sturdy than described.  Works as intended but the plate is made of thinner plaatic that makes it wobble loosely like a fan in your hand.
My son was happy to have this additional plate, and it was a great price.
Perfect! My nephew loves legos so this was a great base for him to build on!
I bought this and two other Lego baseplates for my grandchildren as a foundation for building their Lego sets and also their boxes of Lego Creative bricks. They love everything Lego so these were a big hit with them especially when using the creative sets.
These are a great addition to any LEGO collection!
This Lego board is larger than I expected. However, it is very flimsy - you really need a hard surface like a table to press against when attaching Legos. Also, part of the side was slightly melted - it is only on 2 of the studs so it doesn't impact our use of it. I do wish it was a thicker piece of plastic so it would be more stable for building.
Great lego board. It serves its purpose.
This product is genuine Lego product and arrived in brand new original packaging. Not as cheap as some of the off-brand ones but you get what you pay for, usually. It is made of sturdy bright green plastic and will last quite a while. It even works with some off-brand building blocks.
This item appeared on time , in full, and as expected. Very pleased
Very thin and flimsy,  but it works.
Great quality. Stays flat and legos stay on securely
Works as it should. Its a lego product.
Makes playing Legos so much fun!
Kinda flimsy but does what its meant to do.
Great Lego building plate. Never bought these for my older kids, but my 4 yo loves building on it.
Great product but it arrived cracked
My grandsons love their Lego blocks but since I purchased this base for them to build on they love them even more.
Son loves building on these baseplates.
great addition to your legos!
You'll use up the real estate in no time. If you're looking to build something bigger than a back yard garden, or small park, you'll at least three more to make one nice-sized grid. Then of course, there are larger sizes of Lego plates available, though a bit pricey.
These are great and cheaper than in stores!
Great base plates for free play.
This wasn't as sturdy as I remember the Lego baseplates being. It's easily bent. I had to check a see if it was even Lego brand... You probably could get the off-brand for the same quality.
I'm building a jungle display
This was as expected. It's a nice addition to our Lego collection. The kids like to create a little "city" and this makes it easier for them to transfer it to another surface if needed.
GREAT price on these baseplates.  When I ordered, there was a maximum limit of 2 allowed per order.  Only complaint would be that I couldn't order more.  I made a Lego table for my sons and would have liked to make a larger one if I had more baseplates at that price point!
Standard flat plate. Always needed, but I can never figure out why they cost so much.
Arrived on time. Perfect for the price.
Grandkids loved them.
Fits great, is of usual Lego quality. It's a great buy for making mats, trays, etc. but I wish it was slightly more rigid. Quite flexible unless it's mounted to a hard surface.
Made my grands happy
Great base to build lego on .
Bought as part of an Angel Tree Gift for an 8 year old boy.I bought it as an 'add on' purchase, so got a good deal.
They were great! I glued them to a small table for my son to play on.
Nice add on piece
My lego builders all use this. good to have
Perfect addition to our Legos!!
Great addition to lego sets.
good basic board
As usual, every Lego item is well,over priced.
Legos are always good.
They fit together well
Perfect base for lego building. With legos the sky is the limit, let your imagination fly!
As expected  - Lego. But the bases are flexible and you cannot connect anything to the bottom.
nice product
I guess it is a must have when your kids start to build lego constructions by themselves. I resisted a long time but I must say : no lego fun without a baseplate.
Great price
great product
as expected
Bigger than what i thought
I bought the lego baseplate to use to clean my make up brushes. It worked amazingly. I've never been able to clean my brushes faster and more efficiently.
what to say?  5 stars.  good product,
As with all LEGO, top quality. There is no substitute.
Worked great for our little LEGO town!
good product!
I bought this to go along with some Legos I bought for a birthday gift. Such a nice addition as it seems you can't have too many of them.[...]
good.
Fantastic price!!!! These run for about 15-17 a plate at toys r us. I ordered 3. Great buy!!
Goood
daughter loves it.
great
Great for building a nice-sized creation!  Most sets only include rather small base plates, so I highly recommend getting a few of these for any significant building.
Great size and great for lego color sets.
I didn't have any problems using this product.  It went well with the LEGO Classic Creative Bricks Building Blocks.
Perfect for hours and hours and hours of play and lego building
lego brand always works great.
Way way WAY cheaper then purchasing in store. My boys (7 and 4 years old) love playing with legos.l and are extremely happy with this.
as expected
We don't have a Lego table, so this was just what my son needed to build some sturdier structures. I got one in green & one in "sand" color. It's perfectly great, what more can I say? ;)
Price is a bit high in my opinion, but the product is great. Used for a pinterest project for legos.
Muy bueno
Doesnt fit duplo
Good Stuff!
These are wonderful for free form building with Lego! Lego inspires imagination, fine motor, planning, cause & effect, etc.  Great toy!
But the knockoffs for 1/10th the price
I will probably return these... I bought 3 to complete a lego tray I made for my son.  Its a great (and huge) lego tray that can slide under the sofa when not in use.  I used 12 of the old retired airport baseplates (green plates with a grey road pattern) around the outside and needed just 3 green center plates to complete it.  I thought these would be the same green but these are actually a bright green which is MUCH lighter and brighter than the standard green lego baseplates I've seen before.These would be fine for most uses (and maybe even be better for lego FRIENDS brighter colored sets) but just don't expect them to match the older standard green grass colored baseplates.  Before this purchase I had purchased a set of 6 "lego compatible" baseplates on amazon and returned those because they were warped and, even when forced flat, the legos had to be forced on in certain areas and then would just pop off...  annoying for a little guy just trying to play with his legos...!  These lego plates are, of course, great in that regard and genuine lego is well worth the price difference (except brictek... brictek plates seem to be high quality)  I just wish the description of these lego baseplates included the color difference...  these are a light, bright green, much brighter and lighter than the photo shows.
Good.
My grandson needed a baseplate for his Lego creations, and this seems to be the best one out there. It seems a little thinner and more flexible than the ones my grown sons had, but no surprise there. It gets the job done!
Essential for Lego kids.
My boys love
The best base. I find that the bases that advertise they are "compatible " just don't seem to work as well with grandsons Legos.
These things are really expensive.  That said, if you're doing any sort of large-scale building, you'll need a few of them to be able to link together multiple buildings or create a town or just build something that needs a good size base.  It's a pretty standard Lego base.  They come in a bunch of different colors (green, tan, blue, and grey that I know of).
Good,very good!
Good Product. It was as described. I just wished it was a little more cost friendly! When you have a 5 year old who loves LEGOS it can get pricey.Durable.  Was purchased for a Christmas present. Five months later, it has held up against all my monster's aggressive play. But over all it is a great product and serves its intended purpose.
My kids love to build legos on this baseplate. It is a big surface 10 inches by 10 inches so they can build lots of creations on it. I paid $7.99 for it and felt that it was kind of pricey, but worth it for all the times my kids use it.
too expensive but it is helpful to have
Grandson found a new favorite toy!  Legos!
Exactly what we wanted!
our five year old loves his legos. and this is the perfect thing for him to build all his creations on- then they don't have to get destroyed when bedtime comes and we are packing the legos away. I also don't have to step on legos all over his floor anymore, since they can conveniently stay on the base plate and be easily moved! win-win for everyone!!
PERFECT
Good price for good quality item
As expected
Awesome!
no problems whatsoever
Not like the old set of Legos I had this baseplate is flimsy as hell not what I was expecting
Was able to cut it to desired size without problems.
These are amazing... My kids love them.
it's lego, need i say more?!
Great supplement to any LEGO set. It allows the builder to move the work without it falling apart.
Perfect to build small projects on and set aside to come back to. Good quality and kids like the .
Lego boards are essential to our building in our family with 4 kids and at least one kid at heart parent!  We can't expand our cities, etc. without a good supply to keep us creative!!
Legos are great
My daughter loves Legos. This baseplate does what it should.
My grandson is 6 years old and he was really glad to get this. He likes it because he can build much more with it. Really glad I got this for him!!
In my opinion, it's not very big for the price, there's not as much building area compared to another one we own. Also, it doesn't seem very durable, it's a little thin, in other words. My concern is, will it perform well on carpet or another soft surface? That is yet to be determined.
Theyre green, theyre lego, theyre super.
Great fun
very small
Perfect. Great Price
Always works great !
good!
Lego
Serves its purpose.
Can't lose with Lego
You always need more land
good
Started building on this when she open it needed more to add to her legos building.  Will need to buy more soon, so yes she loves it
Great! I bought this along with a box of buildables, this was a great base for my son to build a city of LEGO houses.
this is way bigger than he expected i think. it is 30 X 32 . (calculated counting the lego tips) which makes it like 16" x16 " i think. awesome for travel as gives a steady place to play while in the car.
Very necessary for any Lego building sets....Grandson was very happy with this.
Highly recommend this toy.
Flimsy... I'm afraid it's going to crack or break any moment.  Should be more thicker/durable.
More flimsy than we were hoping
Expands my daughters interest in legos
Over priced
Works great for Lego table!
I purchased this item to make a Lego table for my child. I was hesitant at first because we're using Duplo and this is the classic size but the pieces fit just fine. Its a little disappointing that you can only get 2, as I needed 4 but other than that its a great product at a reasonable price.
What is there to say.  LEGO!
Works fine just smaller than other lego building plates, didn't read sizes, so that's my bad
These are great!!! Lego interchangeable and my kids love them  Great for the parents pocket book and I myself look forward to building structures with my children.  Remember, these are not going to be exactly like the originals, but they can do the job.
My lil'sis will love using this :)
Awesome- kids loved them- really helped keep legos in place
Perfect for those poor kids out there without a lego table.
good
If your child likes Legos, this is a must have.  It's the perfect base to build on.
Good foundation to build on...
These things are a must for building your own structures and free-stylin it in the lego world. They arrived as expected and cheap price!
Real deal
Classic, grandson loves to build.
Good
Nice size and feels solid.  Came as pictured and on time.
Great for any Lego fan. It makes building large sets easy and more stable.
perfect!
Can't go wrong with Lego
Really flimsy
Weak very thin , was hoping it would have been thicker quality .
A bit flimsy. I doubt it will hold up long to use but little ones.
Just as described.
wish lego would cut down on the prices, but as long as there is a demand..... kids love legos, grown ups love legos. this base plate has served as a place for my 4 year old to be an architect, a warrior, a soldier and a veterinarian. whatever keeps these little tornados happy...
Feels flimsy but once you glue it down on a table or piece of wood, wont break, and kids can build and build. Still a great product other wise, and will be ordering more.
Just what I expected, 10x10 baseplate.  Its a bit flexible which isn't necessary but is nice when you have kids playing with it.
I bought this product because it said that it was compatible with duplo. It isn't! Only some of the pieces fit on the board. Got an off brand silicone mat that works great!
Worked as expected
Great baseplates. My only complaint is the outrageous price for the 2 pack.  I bought 2 singles instead.
smaller than I expected
Works great with legos
This is a great piece for DIY projects
Perfect size for small projects. Would like in other colors.
Bigger than I expected. Easy to use.
Does what its supposed to do. Fast delivery.
A gift well rec'd.
Kids loved it
Perfect accessory, one very happy little boy here!
Very good thanks
It's a decent size base to build Lego blocks on but really a bit to flexible. My daughter bent it and now it doesn't lay flat. Otherwise it would have been perfect.
always great to have these!
it didn't fit my lego blocks i have, one of them is not "standard", i don't know which of them. but the result is that i have a board and some blocks and they don't feet eachother
as advertised, arrived quickly
Arrived as Advertised, kids loved it.
Must have necessary basic for my Lego builder!
The price can't be beat
OK, it's regular lego base. not too large and somewhat expensive.
nice
I thought it was a 4-pack. Not the product's fault, but for some reason the description made me think it was a 4-pack. The price is too high for 1 tiny square of plastic.
Not a lot to say. It does what it's intended to do.
a bit flimsy
Standard LEGO mat in a nice bright color.
I purchased two of these to glue to the top of a second end table to create a "Lego table" for my son for Christmas.  It it nice for him to have a designated surface to okay with his Legos and it had reduced all the Legos being left out on the floor--so much better for my feet!
This is the best lego my daughter has owned
perfect
A basic baseplate supplement.  I was expecting it to be a little more sturdy, but other than that it is a basic baseplate that works well with other LEGO pieces.
Great base for building little scenes.
My son uses this all the time.
You can't beat Lego for quality.
You need many of these for a lego table
Just as discribed
Just as expected.
easy to cut! i needed small pieces for a project and this baseplate came on time
A lot of $ for one square.  Not happy w/the value vs. product...  It might be worth $11 if they had two in a package instead of just one...
Got these as a gift for my granddaughter and she loves them
Lego sets do not come with enough of these. It's too bad you need to buy "extras"
Perfect for the Master Builder in your life. This was a birthday gift for my son and he loves he can make something huge and have it on this plate. You can buy multiple plates and create something even bigger.
Got this at a great price during the Prime days sale.  My kids are already using it to help them with their Lego creations.  Lego brand is awesome and it is so nice to have a baseplate on which to base creations.
Ad described, arrived quickly. Very happy.
Always good to have baseplates.  Hard to have too many.
Used these to make a lego table and have interchangeable plates for building cities.
Good product, thanks.
Perfect
Great product!
Little flimsy but works great for legos
Rather expensive for a sheet of plastic, but it works as expected!
As described.
It's Lego.  'Nuf said.
10x10 is bigger than you think it is! Kids love it, it's much better  baseplate then anything the kids had so now they have a large place to imagine and design what they want.
The item was exactly what I was looking for to add to my Familys Lgeo collection. The item is as described in info. This item can not have other Legos attach to the underside.
worked out well for the table we made
my teachers report that students enjoy this good purchase honest deal
Thank you. Exactly as advertised and delivered as expected.
We needed more baseplates, so we bought more of these.  You can never have too many Legos!
Kids love it. They have used it to make scenes and mazes on. A must have for any lego lover.
My grandson aged almost 4 is enjoying it and so happy yo put together pieces and form spmething. He likes to follow instructions that have to ve tead to him
Its Lego!
Just as expected
Bought these in conjunction with the "sand" colored ones. Good bases. Authentic Lego.
Kids Love them
Original and new.  Arrived within a week.  This LEGOS Classic plate is perfect for small, large, and huge projects for my son.
The kids love these to build their Lego creations on.
Its OK, not Great in quality. I would expect bit more qualitative product for the price charged.
Flimsy.  Much, much thinner than the original ones.  Unless Lego is getting cheap.
This baseplate is a staple for any Lego fan.
Nephew loves it
A little flimsy
As expected, and great price
Its a lego. Never found a bad one yet!
Love it
This a good size for my son to work with and with a few of them they will cover the lego table we are going to build well
grandson uses all the time
great price
It's a base plate....just what you need to build on. I chose the real deal Lego plate over the off brands because some reviews say they were curved in the middle. This one is perfectly flat. I've had no issues using either Legos or off brand Legos on it
OK
These work great!
This pad is a good size for children to play on. I have three children and the size is just about right when they all play together on the same table. I believe the bigger one (15x15 inch) is bigger for day to day children plays.
simple and easy to use plate, cheaper than Toys r us
just as expected
Item came on time, and is made of good quality
A little smaller than I was expecting.
Kids love this, durable.  Good buy, fast shipping, got here in time for my sons birthday.
excellent for my kids! he love it
Our kids love it!
This item makes a ton of sense, but my child has never used it...  Good product, but possibly not useful.
We just bought more of these! They are a game-changer for the kids when they want to play with their tiny Lego Friends sets (lots of little pieces, so it's frustrating to play with if they don't have something like this). Classic Lego quality as expected!
Not much to be said here... Used these when I was a kind, now my 7 year old son is using them.  It's a classic and everyone that uses legos should have some of these.
As expected.  Really, really over priced for what you get.
Authentic LEGO baseplate, good price!
Really gotta have these to do any quality building.  I know you don't want to, but buy this too.  You'll be glad you did!
Created a key holder next to the front door, just stuck this to the wall and attached a Lego brick to each set of keys. Stick the keys to the plate was we walk through the door and no more lost keys. The kids like to rearrange random blocks we put on as well.
bought 2 of these (different color....needless to say, the kids love it
These are a must have item for LEGO users they help maintain the layout of the pieces as you build your masterpiece and allow you to move it when needed.
Good building base. It is a little bit flimsy but other than the it is good.
Its a green square you stick legos on, do you need to know anything else?
A decent size base plate to build creations on which does not come with the basic box. Love the Lego quality.
Very satisfied with order.
Glass green baseplate, great for forests, fields, hills, vales, or possibly the side of a ninja turtle.
The fit was excellent, but then they got bent :-(
Exactly what I ordered! :) happy customer
Yep it's a lot of green/grass
Classic
Perfect for our legos.
flexible and a good size
On time. Everything ok.
Perfect. Bought them for a LEGO table build for myself & kids. They work very well. Lock up is solid between pieces. Would highly recommend them!
My kids love Legos and these baseplates are perfect for them to build cities and roadways on.  They love them.  It's a nice addition to any Lego collection.
This is a great base for building your imagination's wildest creations. Nice and large surface area. This product came in pillow packaging and was in perfect condition.
good
Like the fact my grand can build something and it can stay that way for a while.
Their Legos need I say more
Nice Size for beginner Lego Makers
Works perfect for making Lego tables.
Son is forever building houses on this...works great!
PERFECT
Honestly I was surprised by how flimsy this base plate is, but that is my only issue. I expected it to be a little thicker but maybe they were thicker in the past and I'm remembering it with this new one.
Great product. Arrived on time. It's good if your kid needs a base to build off of for their little Lego creations.
Great for kids. My youngest which is 4 love it.
Classic Lego Board.  Wish they would let me buy more than 2...
We always need more of these for out projects.
I bought 2 of the tan and 2 of the green to create a Lego table. They are exactly what you expect from a Lego baseplate. I see liquid nails to hold them down and have had no problems.
Green as pictured, works great for us. not sure what all the complaining is about lol its a baseplate, you build legos on it.. so it is what it is. things in life change... so what they change the green color
Perfect!
Awesome!!!
No surprises here.  Being LEGO brand, it's a proper fit.  These are a real LEGO necessity for building and relocating projects.
Perfect for gluing on top of a homemade lego table.
LEGOS  what more can you say!!!
A must-have for the lego lover.  My grandson uses it all the time
Perfect
They are great for my kids Table.
Got to have you're own base to build your creation.
It worked as expected.
They do not make them like they used to.  The old Lego Baseplates were solid.  The new ones are soft and flexible.
it works as it is intended
Exactly as described and pictured. Arrived within two days of being ordered.
I, as well as my grandsons who received this as part of their CHRISTmas gifts this past December, 2016 loved this item.  I was especially pleased with the quickness of receiving the item.
A great base to set up legos.
What can I say, it's a LEGO product.  Having two grandchildren, who love playing with Legos, this is a very handy item to have.  Makes building and displaying their Lego projects very easy to do.
Just the right size for my favorite 5 year old.
I love lego they make  their toys right!!! The is  no substitute for the best; I will  definitely be buying more
Very expensive for something so simple
Nice size bigger than I thought it would be. Kind of thin but I'm overall happy with my purchase.
Way too expensive for 1 plate!! Cracks easy
Can't go wrong with legos
Nice size and good price
works great on our daughters lego table we made
Great price! Even better than target
Not much to say. It's a Lego base. =DWe've had it now for over 6 months and many little things have been built on this base. It hasn't warped or anything. I'm happy with it. (=
Love these things!
Just as described.
love
It is what it is, a large overpriced lego item. But it works great as a base for a lego table we made for our kids.
It's nice for building on but make sure to store somewhere safe as I'm sure it could bend and easily be broken.
We needed a base plate to allow for the kids to build houses and other larger structures on.  This met our needs completely.
Awesome
Awesome baseplate! Cheaper than target and the Lego store, and just as super sweet as I remember them being when I was a kid, can't wait to share it with my little ones.
Excellent baseplate. Functional in every way. Minus one star for the hefty pricetag.
Good, sturdy plates.
Many reviewers have said that it works well with Duplo blocks. I have to disagree. While I am able to push a Duplo block on to this mat, my son gets frustrated very easily as he is not able to.
great extra lego plates and good price
Great product.
It's a green baseplate for Legos. The Legos stick onto it just fine. A bit pricey for what it is, but it works.
Perfect for setting up villages and battlefields. Usual great LEGO quality
Grand-daughters loved it! Built a lego village!
Great base for legosgreat base for legos
very good
This is cheaper liitle bit than offline
Allows you to leave and come back and continue where you left off. Also keeps all small parts together.
These worked great on the Lego table we're putting together for the grandkids. No warping at all like others have mentioned for 3rd-party versions of these. They DEFINITELY seem intended to be glued to a stronger surface. The flexibility would be an issue if you were trying to use them on a carpeted floor. I secured them to the table with lots of TINY dabs of Gorilla Glue. Be sure to hook them together with lots of Legos before gluing them down to maintain spacing.I would have given them 5 stars except for the price. Like everything Lego, they are very expensive pieces of Plastic. But then again, the reviews for the 3rd-party versions kept talking about warping.
not many cheaply made
Not bad, too expensive
Nice product! Highly recommended!
AFTER SCHOOL PROGRAM IS GIVING ITS USE FOR PREK TO KINDER - KIDS ARE LOVING HAVING TO BE ABLE TO BUILD ...
Grandson loves it
Lego plate. Good.
Great addition to our LEGO collection.
Bought this go go along with one of the Lego Classic sets.  It is what it is--the same green base you remember using as a kid.
Smaller than I thought it would be and to flexible.
I thought it will be useful, but never use. Maybe we don't have enough Lego blocks.... LOL
U can never have enuf green plates
This is the best thing I've added to my collection in months...since i got the baseplate i can build so much more..it's a great deal for the price i paid.next step to buy about 6more and make a lego table.
Great product for displaying your Lego creations.
Great Product
Flawless
Cool
If you're looking for nameplates 1313 in these are not the ones they're only 10x10
Gift for a grandson!
I got exactly what I ordered. It's well made, colorful, and the word LEGO is embossed on each bump. Perfect for building on.
flimsy,
Just as described. My husband and I used several to make a lego table for our boys out of an old end table. Look great, and these hold up well. Exactly as described and worth a  few extra cents.
lego good
Son loved it!
Bought it for a gift to donate for someone.
grandboys love Legos
It came broken
Great price...lego is always good!
I building a Legos collection for my grandkids and they needed baseplates to build on. So I bought this one and the green one. They were in the bottom of the box with other items so were well protected.
Exactly what the product says, it is a little flimsy but still works great with the legos
my kids like it
Our grandson uses this to keep his collection of Lego's in place. Worth the price to keep things together.
Nice
You know what they are and how they work. Just spend the extra money on a real one, seriously
aceptable
My grand-son loves this
Great item to have for a lego lover!
Good quality, good price.  Thank you for providing a fair priced alternative to LEGO price gouging.
Exactly what I was looking for
I'm giving this 5 stars, based solely on the fact that it's legos. But I question whether I ever received this product.
I really wish these plates were a better value, but you really can't say anything bad about LEGO.  Their products are fantastic and always have a great fit.
I bought several plates and each fit well for my DIY lego table for my daughter.  Fits perfect with Lego Friends creations.
very flimsy.  It flexes as I am moving it from one place to another
Great Product
works perfectly but somehat expensive for just a base
Everything I expected. Only with I was more cautious of the measurements. I intended on a bigger piece to cover our Lego table in orogress. But this does the trick, just need to order a few more.
Just needed an extra.  No cost difference.
This product is not like the old style baseplates. It bends and cannot be used on carpet. Unless you have a perfectly flat hard surface don't buy.
A much needed item to go with the different Lego sets, bought these for gifts
Smooth and easy purchase. Thanks!
Good stuff
Exelent Product
For my grandson
I think this is not affordable.
Perfect accessory for Legos!
It is a great addition to our Lego empire
kids happy
Base plates.  They do their work.  I still think they're over priced.
arrived right on time and as described
Excellent! !
just like when i was a kid
Great Board to expand your Lego collection
My son has two of these and he makes them a large one with his legos. You made a Lego mom very happy!
great quality, good price
Great for building on with LEGO blocks.
Not really sure why these "classic" greens don't match the regular greens.  Good thing I only ordered one.
Lego...'nuff said!
great fun for all ages.We glued these onto an old table to make our own custom "lego table" and it gets played with a ton!
Good for our grandchildren to build on.  This allows them to move their creations, if needed, without undoing what they've built.
lil flemsy
Need more but great
this is the perfect addition to my grandsons lego collection
A must for Lego fans.  Makes putting together the kits easier for my 5 year old.
Great lego plates! I used them to make a lego table for my son.
My son loved it
Absolutely love it
Received the item quickly and in good condition--it is exactly as advertised, and a great help for my son who loves to build with Legos.
Genuine Lego parts are first rate and work as intended on my grandkids' Lego table top.
Small
Didn't realize it does work too good for lego duplo.
It's legos. Not much that can be said. Package has everything as it should and I'm noworking back in touch with my inner 8 year old!!! :-)
Good size. Just right for building houses. Kids love it.
Just like it shows
I used these to turn a train table into a Lego table. Worked great!
Classic lego "grassy" platform. Well made, as all the legos are, no defects. Provides a nice backdrop for children to build homes on.
Great for landscape Lego builds.  Keeps  my kids creations in one place.  These baseplates are must-haves for Lego lovers.
Works well and compatible with off brand blocks.
It is fine as one baseplate.  I though there were two - but my mistake.
Excellent
Great size, Thanks!
I'm sure I'll be ordering more
These are exactly what I wanted. My only complaint was that I could only buy 2 at a time.
Only one plate came with the order. Can't wait for my kid to open it.
My kids became actually more interested in playing with LEGOs & creating new projects, constructions,since the base helps to keep them all of it steady.
My son loves it
Very thin, seems like it will break easily.
It's LEGO, you need it, it's overpriced, but if you get the off-brand you know those blocks are going to pop off and your 7 year old is going to hate it.  So just buy it.
Great item to glue onto an Ikea table for a Lego station for kids! I bought four of the green and 2 of the sand colored. Works great with hot glue (as long as your fast!)
Great
My son loves this, now he can build several things.  Fast shipping, item as described
Too expensive for what you get. Seem small.
Durable and makes building a bit easier.
Needed this for a project.  It arrived quickly & is a good product.  A little pricey but that's Lego.

Excellent product. Works as described
exactly as advertised. Lego brand and sealed in the new package.
As expected . My daughters will love it
Is exactly what you would expect a lego product to be
Just as expected. Perfect base for building. A bright green color.
its ok but it really thin and with it being for kids that can break it really easy.
love legos
Perfect addition for a Lego lover!
super
Always need extra bases with Legos.
Purchased as part of gifts for children of friends in Sweden they were received happily.
Pretty simple - nice flat base for lots of lego creations.
I got these for a three-year-old's birthday. He really loves them.
The classic green lego "grass".  Most stores don't sell only the baseplates anymore so it was really convenient and affordable.
Does what it is supposed to do.
Product was as expected. I would order again.
It's a good product - just not quite as sturdy as I remember them being when my sons were children.
Great base foundation for classic legos
So nice for the kids to have more baseplates.  These are as strong as any lego products.  Marvelous.
Just what we needed to turn a regular table into a LEGO table!
I had a lot of Lego Duplo sets, and I was hoping this would help encourage creativity by giving my kids a platform to build off of.  I bought this classic board as opposed to the Duplo boards, as the Duplo ones are. Ore expensive, and I thought I would get more use out of this one, as it fits regular Lego and Duplo.  The only problem is that while the typical Duplo squares and rectangles do fit really nicely onto this board, the other Duplo pieces don't click on (i.e. Lego figures, chairs).  Otherwise, we've been enjoying the board, and I look forward to getting much more use out of it when we transition to the small Lego.
My son loves it, but it could be more sturdy.
Great product for the price.
Granddaughter #2 likes it.
I ordered 3 and only got 2
Works great, although next time I will buy a bundle.  It wasn't very large, but useful for building structures.
As expected.  Works well.
It worked very well for keeping my 3-year-old busy on the plane
very good.
Love the color, very sturdy. Fast Shipping!
Lego..what's not to love :)
Was able to cut it in half for the project I was making for my kids. Turned out perfect.
Like I say before. Lego is LEGO...
Perfect for our new Lego table.
Product is as described
exactly as described.. nice and big
Exactly what we expected. Very handy piece to have with Legos, my six year old loves building on it.
my grandson has already put these to good use
Glad to have a second baseplate so each kid has room to build their own larger project.
Can't go wrong with Lego.
legos are awesome!
Great Lego platform.
these are awesome
Seem kind of flemsy!
Arrived in perfect condition
could be larger
Great product. My boys love them!
Wish it came with more than one. But it is what it says on the tin
Nice base my son loves it. He builds with legos in the car sometimes so this is great to keep everything together.
Who doesn't like legos?  Exactly what I expected.
Product as expected, good price
exactly as described and fast delivery
These are a nice size. Ours were flat not bowed like some reviews stated. Good buy
Was a gift
love it and fast ship!
A bit small sized but very useful
Awesome buy
As described!
Exactly as described and my boys love it.  I however think it's a little expensive though.
This is an original LEGO brand item. Very durable material. My son likes the green color for his lego constructions since it represents the green grassy outdoors. Highly recommended for lego fans!
EXCELENTE PRODUCTO
Good size for kids to build on.
Good genuine Lego quality. Like others have said, I wish the green matched my OG baseplates from the 80's.
It is just what we wanted, the kids were so excited.
It's green and plastic. You can snap Legos into it. Not very exciting
Ok
This is a nice baseplate! My son has lots of Legos so this works really well for him.
Must have for lego lovers!
fabulous, arrived as expected and much sooner than
Love these for display and free styling the Legos. Kids feel more secure with the plate.
Use this to make a lego table for my daughter, works great
It's Legos, man. Impossible not to love.
Little too advanced for my 4 year old Grandson.
Exactly what I expected!
good
Same quality as 30 years ago.
Thank you so much, He Love it
kids love them
It is what it says it is! A green lego base plate. Gotta have it.
