Let me guess: you love books, but you're not sure you want to get a kindle because you love the feel of books, right?I'm here to tell you that the kindle is the perfect balance of book and digital format.SHORT REVIEWYes, you should buy a kindle. Get the paperwhite with no ads. You're welcome.LONG REVIEWI love physical books too, I'm with you. But I know myself, and I know that once I forget to take the book I'm reading with me, that's it. I'll start another book and rarely finish the first. I also know if I try and read on my phone or iPad that I'll get distracted and start wondering about what's happening on the internet (Instagram's not gonna scroll ITSELF). Either way I'm not finishing the book.WHY KINDLEThe kindle takes the best of both worlds and mashes them together. The e ink display is honestly incredible. I wish iPhones had an e ink display. It really looks just like a printed page. So you get the experience of reading a physical paper book, but with the perks of being digital.Namely:- Share what book you're reading to Goodreads, Facebook, or twitter (so you can look SMORT)- Built in dictionary (so you can learn the proper spelling of the word SMORT)- Export your highlights as a PDFPlus, it'll also sync with the kindle app on your phone so you can squeeze in the final few pages of the chapter while you're in the bathroom (don't pretend you don't do that. You're either on your phone or you're reading the febreeze ingredients)READING IN BEDThe backlight looks great. It's a perfect size. And because it's one page at a time, you overcome another annoyance of physical books: you can read laying down in bed without the awkward "I just need to hold the book weird like this for a second while I finish the left page, then I'll be on the right page and can relax" situation. It's great.LIBRARY BOOKSYou can check out library books digitally without leaving your house. And yes, you can make highlights and export those as a PDF (to answer your next question, yes, you could technically highlight the whole book, but that would take more time than it's worth).ADS OR NAH?Get the one without ads. Remember the problem with reading on your phone? Distractions. Why would you buy a device that ONLY does one thing exceptionally well (isolated reading) and then ruin the experience with ads about products you should buy? Now you're thinking about "oh right, I gotta get my oil changed" or "what am I gonna make for dinner?" instead of whether Elizabeth Bennet and Mr. Darcy are really ever going to get together.WHICH MODEL?And no, you don't need a more expensive kindle. This one works great and the other ones don't give you much more for the money. Get the wifi only model (please, you're REALLY going to use the 3G to download books on the go? Get real).And yes, this is the best e-reader out there. Come on, it's Amazon. ANY book you want is a few taps away.WHAT YOU WANTKindle Paperwhite (wifi only, cuz really, you're gonna use 3G??) with no ads.You're furiggin welcome.
Review updated September 17, 2015As a background, I am a retired Information Systems professional and I am writing this review from the perspective of being a long-time Kindle user. I have all the current e-readers and Fire devices from Amazon including the basic Kindle, the 2013, 2014 and new 2015 Paperwhite, the Fire HD6, Fire HD7, Fire HDX7 and Fire HDX8.9. This review is for the 2015 All-New Kindle Paperwhite. The attached picture shows the 2014 Kindle on the left and the new 2015 Kindle on the right. Here is the summary of my initial impressions of the 2015 model versus the 2014 model.I am somewhat disappointed in the 2015 version as there is not a huge improvement over last years model. The Paperwhite made many improvements from its original first generation 2012 model to its second generation 2013 model, especially in the display and processor area. The 2013 model came with 2 GB storage, a wonderful display, a great battery and was the e-book workhorse. The second generation 2014 model changed by only increasing storage to 4 GB. The third generation 2015 model increased the display resolution but reduced the battery life slightly.WHAT COMES IN THE BOX: A Paperwhite device, a quick-start guide and a short USB cord. Amazon still does not supply a power adapter.SIZE: Its the same identical size as the older Paperwhites. The weight has been reduced slightly from 7.3 to 7.2 ounces, a fraction of an ounce, most likely because of a smaller battery.The good news is that all cases that fit the other Paperwhites will fit the 2015 version!!DISPLAY: The resolution has been bumped up to 300 ppi, equivalent to the Voyage. However, in practical use, I cant tell the difference unless I put an earlier version next to the new version for comparison. Unfortunately, when I place them side-by-side, I noticed that the new Paperwhite is not quite as bright as the older models when set at the same brightness level. This is more noticeable at lower settings. Also, my Kindle has a slight shadow area along the bottom that appears as a small gray smudge and isnt quite as evenly lit as the rest of the display. It is very small but noticeable. The logo on the bottom of the screen is now shiny black against matte black on the plastic case instead of being displayed in silver lettering. It's difficult to see except when viewing the shiny "Kindle" reflection at an angle to light.(September 2015 update: The Kindle logo is how I tell my new 2015 Paperwhite and older Paperwhites apart. They are that similar!)BATTERY: The battery of the 2013 and 2014 Paperwhites are rated a third larger than the new model. And it is noticeable! When operating simultaneously, the new PW battery drains much faster. It is currently rated at 6 weeks of  hour average daily usage versus 8 weeks for the older models. That specification translates to 21 hours of use versus 28 hours of use for the older models.(September 2015 update: I was on a week-long vacation trip but forgot my chargers. I had the 2014 Kindle with me, and as I was on vacation, I read a lot. The battery lasted--barely--the entire vacation. Given the shorter battery life, the 2015 model would have lost power before I came home. Normally, this shouldn't  be an issue for most people as the 2015 battery does last a long time. But.... I am so spoilt by not having to carry a charger on trips, even long trips.)STORAGE: Nothing has changed. It comes with the same 4 GB of storage. Mine netted 2990 MB free space from the factory. This number will vary slightly from device to device depending on the actual hard drive.HARDWARE: Alas, there is still no audio with the Paperwhite. So you still cant play songs in the background or listen to Audible books. If you need audio features, you may want to look at the Kindle Fire lineup as audio capabilities are not available on the PaperWhite, standard Kindle, or the Kindle Voyage. (September 2015 update: I still wish I could listen to Audible books like you could on the Kindle Keyboard.)Wifi: Nothing has changed. I had hoped for an upgrade to 802.11ac or at least add the less crowded 5-Ghz range of wifi. If you are in a wifi crowded area, you will need to be closer to your router to download books. While the Paperwhite does not use a lot of bandwidth, it does need to be able to communicate with a router for WhisperSync to work and to download books.It is possible that the new Kindle Paperwhite either has a slightly faster processor, or more likely, the memory has been upgraded from 512MB to 1024MB to match the Voyage. I have over a thousand books installed. To keep track of what I have, all books are added to collections, such as Reading Queue for those I have not read but want to read, and Already Read for those books I have already read. In addition, my books are also categorized by genre collections such as Crime/Mystery/Thriller,  SciFi/Fantasy, "Historical Fiction," "Romance," etc. Categorizing my books helps me considerably when I wish to find a new book to read in my library which I have not read and what I want is a Mystery novel, but not a SciFi. When I download a new book and try to add it to the appropriate collections for later enjoyment, the process can be extremely slow, so slow that sometimes, I am not sure that I have even touched the check box in the add-to-collection screen because it takes forever to respond. The 2015 Kindle seems to be faster in that area.(September 2015 update: I've noticed that the speed is directly related to the strength and quality of the WiFi signal. I am in a crowded WiFi area and although I can get a fairly good signal, the speed definitely degrades when I am not in the same room as the router. I still wish it had a 5Ghz antennae as that bandwidth is less crowded and faster.)SOFTWARE: The user interface on the new Paperwhite is identical to the old Paperwhite except that the new Paperwhite comes with the Bookerly font installed. Those who own one of the new Fire tablets already have the Bookerly font for comparison. Personally, on the Paperwhite, I like the Caecilian and Palatino fonts as much as I do the Bookerly. It seems that the best font for reading changes depending on the book and the magnification of the font. (There are still eight size magnifications.) However, the firmware version installed with my 2015 Paperwhite was a version behind. The Firmware Version installed on the 2015 model is Kindle 5.6.1.1 (2634130033) versus Kindle 5.6.2.1 (263439002) installed on my 2014 model.(September 2015 update: Amazon has updated the software on all their Kindles so the Bookerly font is available on all the devices.)WITH SPECIAL OFFERS OR WITHOUT?? If you buy a case that automatically shuts the device off when closed and turns on when opened, I strongly recommend paying the extra $20 for removing the ads. If you have special offers, the Kindle still needs to be swiped from the lock screen to get to the page of the book where you left off. If you do NOT have special offers, when you open your case, you are immediately brought to the book and page where you stopped reading. No lock screen! Having a Kindle Paperwhite without special offers is wonderful. Open up the case, Kindle turns on and you pick up right where you left off. Close the case and it turns off. No extra finger swipes! This is true only for the Kindle e-readers. The Fire tablets continue to open up to the lock screen which must be swiped irrelevant of whether you have special offers or not.NOTE: I received the advanced order of the 2015 Paperwhite on June 30. I was not able to order the device without special offers. Normally, you should be able to pay the upgrade difference online to remove special offers. Unfortunately, the device that I have received does not have an option to remove special offers for this device only! I do not know if this option will be available for all new orders or if they will correct the oversight in the future. So, order the device without special offers if you think you will ultimately want that because it is possible that you will not be able to remove them in the future.(September 2015 update: Amazon fixed the option to remove special offers. And I still recommend that you buy it without special offers if you use a case that automatically turns it on and off.)SUMMARY FOR THOSE LOOKING TO UPGRADE:This is what has changed from the 2014 model.PLUS: Higher resolution screen with Bookerly font. Possibly quicker when managing large numbers of books. (September 2015 update: Bookerly font is now available on all Kindle devices including older Paperwhites)MINUS: A smaller battery and shorter time life between charges. No power adapter.NEUTRAL: The "kindle" logo at the bottom of the 2015 model is now black on black instead of the silver color at the bottom front of the 2014 model.(September 2015 update: The Kindle logo is how I tell my newer and older Paperwhites apart.)THE VERDICT: The new Paperwhite is still the state-of-the-art e-ink e-book reader. The only things I can think of to improve the Paperwhite is to add a power adapter, a longer USB cord, bring back the longer battery life of the earlier model and perhaps make it waterproof.(September 2015 update: the Paperwhite is still my favorite reader. I also like the Voyage but not enough to justify the huge price difference.)Although the Paperwhite is only an e-reader and not a tablet, there are other considerations:* No distraction from email* No distractions from text messages* No distractions from phone calls.SHOULD YOU BUY? If you own last year's Paperwhite - I don't think it is worth the upgrade. If you do not own an e-reader or have a 2012 or earlier Kindle version, definitely get the Paperwhite. It has the best mix of features for the price compared to the other Kindle e-reader models. If you are considering upgrading from the current basic $79 Kindle, definitely get the Paperwhite. If you are considering whether to get the Voyage or the Paperwhite, ask yourself, "Is getting the Page Press area at the edge of the screen worth an additional $80?" If not, get the Paperwhite.(September 2015 update: I really like both the Paperwhite and the Voyage. But I can't tell you which one to buy. If you are the type that will buy a Cadillac instead of a Chevy, buy the Voyage. It is definitely a very nice reader. Personally, I like the Paperwhite. Even though the Voyage is slightly smaller and lighter in the hand, there is something about the Paperwhite that makes me grab it instead.)For reading, I prefer the Paperwhite over all the readers including the Fire tablets, the basic Kindle and even the Voyage. Its optimized for readers and reasonably priced. You can throw it in your purse or pocket for traveling, even for reading in the doctors office waiting room. If you forget to charge it overnight, it will still have enough juice to get you through the next day or two. You can read it on the beach in BRIGHT, BRIGHT sunlight or at night under DARK, DARK moonlight. Whether you sit on the front porch or hide under the bed covers, you can enjoy reading books with the Paperwhite. In addition, there is a huge selection of case styles and colors to trick out your Kindle to match your personality and reading style.If you want to save a little money, Amazon is currently selling the 2014 model for $109. Although it doesnt have the Bookerly font, it does have a better battery. You cant go wrong with the 2014 model either, especially when it is slightly cheaper.(September 2015 update: My older Paperwhites have been updated with new software and now all have the Bookerly font. Unfortunately, the 2014 model is no longer available for sale through Amazon.)FOR NEWBIES: You might want to explore the following features.VOCABULARY BUILDER: The Amazon Kindles have a tool called Vocabulary Builder which is not available in the Fire tablets. Vocabulary Builder is supposed to help you learn new words while you read: words you look up in the Kindle's dictionary are stored in Vocabulary Builder. You can review those words, test yourself with flash cards, even see where in a book you highlighted the word and remove the word from your list when youve mastered it.PAGE FLIP: When you're on a page, swipe up from the bottom, and a slightly smaller pop-up of the page appears. The pop-up has page turn arrows to go back or go forward in the book (you can also just swipe the pop-up page). When you're ready to return to your original page, press the "X" in the upper right corner of the pop-up, and the pop-up page goes away.HIGHLIGHT: The highlight feature allows you to highlight (in black-and-white of course) a particular passage in a book and save it so you can go back to it at a later time. You also have the option of turning on an option that shows you other popular highlights from other readers of the book. This is a VERY useful feature, especially for non-fiction books as 99% of the time, the highlights other users have made point out very important sentences and paragraphs in the book. Note that this feature does not show EVERY reader's highlights, it only shows the most popular ones and even tells you how many readers have highlighted a particular section. This can be turned on or off if you find it distracting.---
Getting a Kindle to read with changed my life.  For 50 + years I read a book every 2 days or less.  As my eyes got worse, for many reasons, I just had to quit.  Reading a paperback was hard and after 10 minutes of reading I simply gave up.  With a Kindle I can adjust the font style and size and read for hours a day.  The best straight forward reading tablet I previously owned is the Kindle Paperwhite 2013 version.  This new release improves in an area that I want and one that I paid to upgrade my tablet for.  The new 2015 screen has 300 PPI versus 212 PPI for the 2013 version and the screen resolution is almost twice as good as the older Kindle.  The change is from 768x1024 to 1072x1448 pixels and that is a tremendous improvement and luxury for those with older eyes.One downside is that the new Kindle Paperwhite does have a lower battery life when compared to the previous generation.  The battery life has dropped from 8 weeks at  hour of reading per day to 6 weeks at  hour of reading per day.  That is due to the additional energy required for the higher resolution screen and the power to render the higher resolution of text.  I don't like the reduced reading time but for me this was not a big deal as it is still 21 hours of reading time (It was 28 hours on the 2013 version) and it charges quickly in 4 hours.  Heck, my expensive iPad battery only lasts about 8 hours and the eyestrain is pretty tough to handle using the iPad for more than 30 minutes to read.  Some people may not like this but I just recharge my Kindles every three or four days.  Since the unit has a lower battery life I do believe that Amazon should have included a USB charger as someone that travels may not be carrying a laptop computer with them to charge the Kindle Paperwhite.  This omission of a USB charger is still a sore point with many people.  I wish Amazon would just raise the price $10 and include the charger as a standard feature!I have added a video of the Kindle Paperwhite 2013 compared to a Kindle Paperwhite 2015 and a Kindle Keyboard. If you have any questions please feel free to contact me and I will try to answer them.Things to do with your new Kindle Paperwhite:* Get a simple light weight case that will turn off the screen when you close the cover.  It will help save on your battery life and protect your tablet.* Enter in a device pass code to protect your tablet in case you lose your tablet.  This prevents someone from using your tablet and even from buying books using your account.* Yes you can use just about any USB charger for this Kindle Paperwhite.  I use the one that came with my Kindle Keyboard unit and it works fine.I own multiple Kindle Fires, HP tablets and Apple iPads and Android tablets but the best reading device is a Kindle Paperwhite.  Why? It is simply because I can read it outside in the sunlight, inside and at night with reduced eyestrain when compared to any other tablet I own.  It is the read anyplace best tablet for reading hands down champion!I just love this new tablet. It offers the perfect balance of a lit screen with reduced eyestrain and high clarity and contrast of the text and a good price.  It is truly a step up to a better reading device.  The new reading font called Bookerly is very good for my eyes.  It is crisper and bolder on the screen and I can read for longer times than before.  Toss in the higher screen resolution and you have a new reading experience.I am always looking for improvements in the text and screen quality as for me that is a major issue.  The print on the screen is blacker and crisper and it is easier on my eyes.  Side by side with my Kindle Paperwhite 2013 the older Paperwhite text looks grey and the screen slightly yellow in comparison to this newer version. There definitely is a good improvement and that relates to more reading comfort for my eyes!This newer 2015 Paperwhite has a few new features that I like:* 300 PPI versus older 2013 Paperwhite at 212 PPI* New reading font Bookerly that is bolder and designed for use on a digital screen* 4 GB of memory versus my 2013 version that was launched with 2 GIG (Not enough for me)Reading was my number one hobby my entire life and I just loved it. The Kindle has brought back that reading experience and now with the crisper text, better font and no glare lit screen I can enjoy my reading in every type of environment. In my video I compare the Kindle Keyboard, Kindle Paperwhite 2013 and the Kindle Paperwhite 2015 side by side.  The improvements are amazing.The new screen clarity is where this Paperwhite design really is outstanding. With better contrast, lighting and custom designed fonts, the text just pops out of the screen like you have not seen in an e-Reader before. With 300 PPI (Pixels Per Inch) this screen provides a 1072 by 1448 pixel screen that just makes the old Kindle screens look old fashioned.My favorite time to read is the last two hours of the evening before bedtime. I also read during the day during breaks and even at my grandson's outdoor swim meets.  It is impossible to read in the sunlight with a Kindle Fire or an iPad.  There is simply too much glare.  At night time the Kindle Paperwhite soft lit screen is unobtrusive and for me my eyes do not get tired of reading like they do on the Kindle Fire and on the iPad. I can actually read for hours without the same eyestrain I get with other tablets.  You also have adjustable brightness to suit your own comfort levels and ambient conditions.There are multiple font sizes and you can pinch and zoom on the Kindle Paperwhite screen to expand the font size or decrease it like you do on a powerful tablet, this is a great feature. There are 7 different font styles and they are Baskerville, Bookerly, Futura, Caecilia, Helvetica, Caecilia Condensed and Palatino. I think my favorite is Bookerly.  I love the new dictionary feature that creates a Vocabulary Builder which is a list of the words that you looked up and you can review the list and use flashcards to enhance your vocabulary and reading skills.There is a minor learning curve of learning where to touch the screen if you are transitioning from a much older Kindle tablet but the changeover was fast and easy. The capacitive touch response of the screen is very nice. It makes the New Paperwhite respond quickly to finger touches, menu changes and page turns. What I like about the Kindle Paperwhite is that it is a dedicated e-Reader and it combines the best features of the Kindle e-ink and the iPad/Kindle Fire.* Ultra lightweight at 7.2 ounces and easily held for hours with one hand. I love the size and weight as it is comfortable to hold for long periods of time and you don't find yourself laying down the Paperwhite like I would be doing with my iPads.  What I love is that it still weighs 7.2 ounces with 1000 books loaded into it!* Lit screen for reading in poorly lighted areas like the iPad and Kindle Fire but without the eyestrain. The lighting level is adjustable.* High clarity of the text and contrast for easy reading.  The screen has 16 levels of gray scale available.* Fast charging time in 4 hours* Ability to be easily read in the sunlight with no screen glare.* WIFI connectability* Battery life of 21 hours (of reading time) depending on the WIFI usage and screen brightness used.  You can turn off your WIFI to prolong the battery life. This specification dropped from 28 hours on the Kindle Paperwhite 2013 version.* Touch screen control* Easy page turning and access to the onboard dictionary, access to Wikipedia and X-Ray.* Easy to access menu and setup was a breeze* Fast response for loading books and page turning thanks to a faster microprocessor.* Small, thin and highly portable* Able to carry 3,400 books* My favorite feature is the adjustable text size and font style!* Custom tuned fonts add clarity and crispness to the quality of the displayed text* Since I review a lot of books I love to highlight sections and text as well as take notes on the screen.* Translation of foreign language that is used in the book* Web surfing is possible but still slower than a good tablet. Who cares, this is my portable eBook reader with 3,400 books in it (depending on the book file size). I have other devices to browse the web and read my email.* I like the rubberized feel of the back and it is similar to my Kindle Fire. It makes the Kindle Paperwhite easy to grip and hold with one hand and just have it lay in the palm of my hand without a case.This tablet gives me the best reading conditions in the daytime and also in the night. It has a lot of great features but I wanted to post a review that provides a strong comparison between the new Kindle Paperwhite and the last Kindle Paperwhite 2013 version.--------------------------Kindle Paperwhite 2013---------Kindle Paperwhite 2015Screen size: -------------------- 6 inch------------------------6 inchScreen PPI----------------------212--------------------------300Resolution: ---------------------768x1024-------------------1072x1448Weight: --------------------------7.3 ounces------------------7.2 ounces per the manualOverall Size: --------------------6.7"x4.6"x0.36"-----------6.7"x4.6"x0.36Battery life in hours of reading: 28 hours----------------21 hoursCharging Time: -----------------4 hours----------------------4 hoursEyestrain: ------none under all reading conditions----------noneMemory: -------------------------2 GIG --------------------4 GIG with 3 GIG available for the userNumber of books: -------------1,100--------------------------3,400 approximatelyIncluded charger: --------------No---------------------------NoWIFI Connectability: ----------Fast and easy--------------Fast and easySpeakers: ------------------------No----------------------------NoOther considerations:* No distraction from email* No distractions from text messages* No distractions from phone calls.Pros:* You can use a capacitive stylus on the screen to help keep the screen clean.* Great battery life and fast charging.* Perfect form factor for size and weight for a hand held portable e-reader.* I don't need to use the stupid book light that never worked well anyway!* Faster page tuning which for me really makes a difference.* Connection to the WIFI was fast and easy.* Downloading my book library was fast and easy.* Even though the screen has slight texture to it is does not show fingerprints as bad as a glossy screen like a Kindle Fire or an iPad* Increase of the standard memory size to 4 GIG from the older versions 2 GIGCons:* The battery life has dropped from 8 weeks at  hour of reading per day to 6 weeks at  hour of reading per day (Roughly 28 hours to 21 hours).  That is due to the additional energy required for the higher resolution screen and the power to render the higher resolution of text.  For me this was not a big deal as it is still 21 hours of reading time and it charges quickly in 4 hours.* It still costs extra money for an AC wall adapter. It comes with a USB to Micro USB cable that you can use for charging and connecting to any AC USB wall adapter or computer USB port. I don't need another USB power adapter but not getting one just makes Amazon look cheap in not supplying one with the product.* They charge extra money to remove push ads to your Kindle Paperwhite* No speakers and no ability to have the book read aloud to you using text to speech.Summary:Overall considering all the issues this is a great e-Reader. It is the best available at this time when you consider the price and the features.  So far I have not been able to justify the price jump to $199 for the Kindle Voyage for the small differences with the new Kindle Paperwhite. I do feel that Amazon always gives some things and takes away others. Things like text to speech, speakers and AC wall chargers disappear from new products and sometimes return in others. I also don't care for the ads still being pushed in our faces. This is still a solid 5 star product and you can't go wrong with buying one. It is just that sometimes the things you lose seem to mean more to users than to Amazon. I don't mind them saving some money but raise the price $10 and put in all the features that users will need like a charger.This Kindle paperwhite is still working well. Best eReader available.
I have had 4 other Kindle's prior to this one. This one is BY FAR my favorite. It is so easy to use, it is super light, and makes a book worm like me able to read with no effort at all!
Let me preface this by saving that this is my review on Amazon evahhh! I'm a Prime Member and their customer service is second to none. NOW on to the Kindle Paperwhite...I have an iPad Air and LOVE it. I downloaded a ton books over the years and I rarely ended up reading them. Why? Size in my hands and the glare when reading outside. I took a chance and got the Kindle. Guess what? I'm reading all the time! I read at the beach. I read on the throne (TMI), and I even started reading when I go to bed (again after many years).It takes a little getting used to regarding the navigation of the device but the helpful digital how-to booklet included got me on my way quickly. Honestly I really love this device. It's the perfect size in my hand, zero glare, lightweight but sturdy, great battery life, yada, yada, yada. I miss the colors of the iPad but there's also something old school and soulful having it be in black and white. I'll call it Digital Nostalgia, (I just made that up).I read some reviews about the screen being beige, etc. Mine has none of that. It works great and I couldn't be happier. Highly recommend.
Recently retired my well-used Kindle Keyboard for the Paperwhite, as I was looking forward to getting one with a backlit screen. Overall, this is easily the best e-reader I've had the pleasure of using. It's just the right size (and feels less bulky than my Keyboard), the interface is faster, the text more vibrant, and the adjustable backlight is exceptionally convenient for all lighting conditions. Here are a few thoughts for those that prefer lists:LIGHTING:The Good: the adjustable backlight on the Paperwhite is great. Some reviewers have mentioned it being yellowish, but the unit purchased is a nice, blueish-white. While reading in bed, it can be dimmed enough to where it doesn't strain your eyes, though it does wash out the text slightly. I didn't think the backlight would be useful in the daytime, but it actually makes it much easier to read at max setting, which I was pleasantly surprised with.The Bad: There is a little bit of light bleeding from the bottom of my Kindle. It's not terribly noticeable, but if you look closely enough you can see a little blotchy unevenness near the bottom. Not nearly enough of an issue at this price point worth complaining about.THE UNIT:The Good: Love the design - more compact and sleek than the Kindle Keyboard it replaced. It fits easily in either hand without being too big or small. Perfect screen size.The Bad: I am mourning the loss of the page turning buttons from my Keyboard. Anyone who owns a newer Kindle would be lying if they said they've never accidentally turned the page by touching the screen. It can be a maddening experience. Plan on getting a case for your Kindle, as the plastic on the front and rubbery texture on the back are oil magnets and will suck any grease off the cleanest of hands, and it's obnoxiously hard to clean. I never had this issue with my Keyboard. Minor complaint about having the "Kindle" namesake on the front of the unit not embossed in white...looks a bit cheaper than the last gen in that regard. Power on/off button is obscenely tiny and very hard to activate - buy a cover that turns it on/off automatically.BATTERY/CHARGE:The battery doesn't last as long as my Keyboard's did, but it is still exceptionally strong even with heavy backlight usage. I have well over 3/4 of the battery reading for a few hours each day over the course of a week. It seems to charge for about the same duration as my Keyboard and I assume the backlighting eats up the battery a bit, but not enough to where it has been problematic yet. I find it frustrating that they only include a short USB charger. I don't appreciate upselling of charger plug ins.INTERFACE:The Good: Love the bookshelf view showing the covers (if you don't, you can put it back into List view like older models). Touch interface and changes from the Keyboard model took me a little white to get used to, but it is all fairly intuitive and much quicker than the model it is replacing. I absolutely refuse to tie my Twitter/Facebook account to my Kindle, but love the option of doing it for my Good Reads account - good call on that, Amazon. Newer features that let you learn more about people, places, and events in books has been great (I'm looking at you Game of Thrones). LOVE the feature that tells you how much additional time you have in a chapter...makes it easier to know if  can squeeze one more in before bed. Same goes for Word Wise, which will put brief descriptions/similes of complex words above the word in question. You can set the threshold - awesome.The Bad: Collections show a generic book image, rather than a collage of the books within like I expected. Minor complaint. I bought a Kindle Touch for my mom awhile back and have had to work with her quite a bit, as its her first e-reader. She struggled with the interface and is still learning how to get the most out of it. I know it's a cost-saving measure, but I really resent a Kindle copy of the user guide instead of the traditional paper insert. Minimalism has its place, but not here. The filter 'buttons' on the screen are annoyingly hard to press (maybe I have fat fingers?), but feedback is exceptional everywhere else.AD VS NO AD:Ultimately, it's going to come down to your preference. Many people have found good discounts on things they'd buy on Amazon or other eBooks (it uses your recommendations). If they were only on the "off" screen when not in use, I wouldn't have ponied up the extra $20 to remove them because my cover hides it when not in use, but the ad banner at the bottom of the home screen put me over the edge. I want to point out - I've read Amazon doesn't allow you to use Gift Cards to pay for the ad removal (it requires '1-touch payment'), so if you don't think you want the ads and you have a gift card - buy the version without ads. I believe it applied $20 of a promotional credit I had on my account, however.PRIME HOUSEHOLD SHARING:The Good: If you're an Amazon Prime member and have added a second adult to your 'household', you can share select (or all) of your Kindle libraries with one another for free. I didn't see this advertised much, but it was an awesome way for my mom and I to share our books with each other.The Bad: It's horrific to set up. Once you've activated your Household, you need to go to Manage Your Content, flip "Books" to on (for both parties, and manually select which titles you want to share. Then you need to go to "Manage Your Device" and ensure the little box for "Share My Content" is selected. I believe both people need to do this, but once you do, you'll be able to access your family member's books in the Cloud after dropping down the filter to "Shared". It will take quite awhile for it to process if you have a large library, but once you get it set up, you can click and download any of your family member's books. I just wish it wasn't such a royal pain to set up.For most people, I'd suggest buying the one with no ads and saving $20 for books (or a library subscription...I borrow 90% of my books, it's awesome). If you hate the ads, pay to remove them - no sense in paying more if you can live with it in the first place.All in all, this is an exceptional machine for the price and any negatives I can find are easily forgivable given how many great things there are. Amazon Prime members can also download one book from a very large selection per month for free, with no return dates, as well as download one free new release with Amazon First - something I found out through a lot of digging on Amazon's website. These features should be a little clearer. My mom loves her Kindle Touch, but after buying myself the Paperwhite, I wish I'd coughed up a little extra and got her the Paperwhite. The backlit screen and increased clarity of the e-ink is exceptional for all reading conditions. Should you upgrade? If you own a Kindle without a backlight or a a Keyboard/older model - 110%. The interface is faster and the screen clarity significantly better. The biggest complaint I have is for Kindle Keyboard users who are used to the manual page turner buttons are out of luck (unless they opt for the Voyage, I believe) - I sincerely wish they'd bring that feature back.TL;DR? If you love reading, treat yourself or a loved one and buy a Kindle Paperwhite. It's worth every penny.
Amazon help pages actually tell you that you can't use borrowed library e-books with the children's FreeTime feature that let's you track the amount of time they read each day (see attached image). In fact, even some customer service representatives tell you it can't be done.Luckily, it can....and it makes for a wonderful combination for parents who want to track their kids' reading while still taking advantage of free library loans.Here are the steps after having checked out the book:1. Go to "Manage Your Content and Devices"2. Click on the "Actions" button (labeled "...") next to the library-borrowed book.3. Choose "Manage Family Library"4. A small dialogue box should pop up with your child's Freetime profile. Click the "Add to Library" button next to it.5. Sync the Paperwhite....and the book shows up in their Freetime account!I've confirmed this with a borrowed e-book on my son's Paperwhite.Now Amazon needs to update their help pages and give these instructions.
Lets start for what this is all about. Its an ereader, eink has been around for awhile now. I've had one other ereader and it was a sony 6" as well. Honestly at this point I don't fully understand why the screens haven't gotten a bit bigger. While easily readable on a 6" screen, it would be nice to have something more 'book like' in size. In comparison my phone is a 5.5" screen. So this is slightly bigger then the average modern smartphone. I also bought mine at Best Buy - same price and got it the same day.What I like about this reader;1.Back light, easy readable in all lighting conditions.2. Eink, it really hasn't gotten any better from older models to new models, 300ppi is nice but really I don't think its something you'll really care about or notice on plain text, graphics are another story. But really who would use this on a graphic novel?3. Your own email to send ebooks to, its one of those nice things that is convenient. Send your book via email without having to mess with cords and such, from anywhere. I like that.4. Dictionary. I am well read, but sometimes you come across a word that is just, unknown. The built in dictionary is handy in that regard.5. Battery, it charges fast and so far holds it for a long time. Out of the box it had over half battery and I didn't have to charge it for 2 weeks, even with heavy back light use.What I don't like. And I'll start with what really prompted this review and why I am giving it a 3 star review.1.The high jacking of you're device and being held hostage with ads. Sure, you can remove them but you'll pay amazon $20 to do it. Last I checked, I owned this thing and paid for it. Now, for awhile I didn't really care about the ads, they were about books or some electronic device (battery banks and such). But what took the cake was the ad for Hefty trash bags - Hefty. Trash. Bags. My device is my device - not some ad platform that should be held hostage with a paywall to remove ads from a device I OWN. Now, I'll be paying the ransom to remove the ads from my device because I really don't want to see ads for trash bags ever again. Its honestly a desperate act by amazon to spam me with ads, and really it should not be like that. And no amazon, its not a deal to say its $99 with 'special offers' if those special offers are a means to thrust ads into my face every time I turn on my device. Because nothing puts you into the mood to read your favorite book then 'Hefty trash bags', yea no thanks. I've attached an image of the festive bags for reference.2. Touch screen. Why is everything touchscreen? Sometimes my hand gets near the screen and I turn the page or go back inadvertently, the simple page buttons would be ever so nice. Granted you'd complicate the dictionary side of this, but honestly its a thing that can be overlooked.3. The paper white really isn't paper white. Its still grayish white and it bugs me that the ads/pictures for this clearly are making it look 'whiter' to other older models. It simply is not and looks like typical eink tech - the back light is what makes the screen 'pop' in my humble opinion.4. Some of my ebooks required converting so that the kindle could open it. Not a problem, just get Calibre and convert to supported format - granted its one more step if you have your own ebook collection aside from your amazon ebooks.Conclusion: Its a solid device with excellent battery and the back light is great, pay the extra to remove the ads and forgo the festive-santa-hat-wearing-trashbags. Because eventually your bound to get an ad on yours that makes you say 'really, amazon?'.
I purchased two brand new Paperwhite 300dpi units and, as soon as began the setup, I noticed a difference in color between the two devices. One had the correct color balance  a white background with perfect contrast and the other with a yellow background with murky contrast. The device with the yellow background also had an additional issue whereby the page filled with black screen artifacts when 'turning' the page, which was distracting. Also, screen sensitivity on the returned unit was problematic. I called Amazon and they offered to send a replacement unit. The replacement is slightly less yellow than the one I returned, but it is absolutely still way more yellow than white. Thankfully, it does not exhibit the same black screen artifacts when 'turning' pages and screen sensitivity is normal. I've included a picture of the Paperwhite with the correct white background (on left) and the new replacement Paperbeige (on right). You be the judge.
I am waiting for my third replacement. First one had a defect on lighting, second one shown on picture is very yellow. Frustrated, I went to Bestbuy to view a standard one, and there was so much difference in contrast. Until then I wasn't sure if I was being too sensitive and even felt bad asking for a third replacement. Since Amazon wasn't interested in looking at my photos to see what exactly is wrong with my device, I am posting here. The one with the alarm is one at bestbuy, same light level, same room, and I even switched left and right to be fair in lighting condition. If the third one I receive is still not normal, I will be very disappointed.
Let me guess: you love books, but you're not sure you want to get a kindle because you love the feel of books, right?I'm here to tell you that the kindle is the perfect balance of book and digital format.SHORT REVIEWYes, you should buy a kindle. Get the paperwhite with no ads. You're welcome.LONG REVIEWI love physical books too, I'm with you. But I know myself, and I know that once I forget to take the book I'm reading with me, that's it. I'll start another book and rarely finish the first. I also know if I try and read on my phone or iPad that I'll get distracted and start wondering about what's happening on the internet (Instagram's not gonna scroll ITSELF). Either way I'm not finishing the book.WHY KINDLEThe kindle takes the best of both worlds and mashes them together. The e ink display is honestly incredible. I wish iPhones had an e ink display. It really looks just like a printed page. So you get the experience of reading a physical paper book, but with the perks of being digital.Namely:- Share what book you're reading to Goodreads, Facebook, or twitter (so you can look SMORT)- Built in dictionary (so you can learn the proper spelling of the word SMORT)- Export your highlights as a PDFPlus, it'll also sync with the kindle app on your phone so you can squeeze in the final few pages of the chapter while you're in the bathroom (don't pretend you don't do that. You're either on your phone or you're reading the febreeze ingredients)READING IN BEDThe backlight looks great. It's a perfect size. And because it's one page at a time, you overcome another annoyance of physical books: you can read laying down in bed without the awkward "I just need to hold the book weird like this for a second while I finish the left page, then I'll be on the right page and can relax" situation. It's great.LIBRARY BOOKSYou can check out library books digitally without leaving your house. And yes, you can make highlights and export those as a PDF (to answer your next question, yes, you could technically highlight the whole book, but that would take more time than it's worth).ADS OR NAH?Get the one without ads. Remember the problem with reading on your phone? Distractions. Why would you buy a device that ONLY does one thing exceptionally well (isolated reading) and then ruin the experience with ads about products you should buy? Now you're thinking about "oh right, I gotta get my oil changed" or "what am I gonna make for dinner?" instead of whether Elizabeth Bennet and Mr. Darcy are really ever going to get together.WHICH MODEL?And no, you don't need a more expensive kindle. This one works great and the other ones don't give you much more for the money. Get the wifi only model (please, you're REALLY going to use the 3G to download books on the go? Get real).And yes, this is the best e-reader out there. Come on, it's Amazon. ANY book you want is a few taps away.WHAT YOU WANTKindle Paperwhite (wifi only, cuz really, you're gonna use 3G??) with no ads.You're furiggin welcome.
Review updated September 17, 2015As a background, I am a retired Information Systems professional and I am writing this review from the perspective of being a long-time Kindle user. I have all the current e-readers and Fire devices from Amazon including the basic Kindle, the 2013, 2014 and new 2015 Paperwhite, the Fire HD6, Fire HD7, Fire HDX7 and Fire HDX8.9. This review is for the 2015 All-New Kindle Paperwhite. The attached picture shows the 2014 Kindle on the left and the new 2015 Kindle on the right. Here is the summary of my initial impressions of the 2015 model versus the 2014 model.I am somewhat disappointed in the 2015 version as there is not a huge improvement over last years model. The Paperwhite made many improvements from its original first generation 2012 model to its second generation 2013 model, especially in the display and processor area. The 2013 model came with 2 GB storage, a wonderful display, a great battery and was the e-book workhorse. The second generation 2014 model changed by only increasing storage to 4 GB. The third generation 2015 model increased the display resolution but reduced the battery life slightly.WHAT COMES IN THE BOX: A Paperwhite device, a quick-start guide and a short USB cord. Amazon still does not supply a power adapter.SIZE: Its the same identical size as the older Paperwhites. The weight has been reduced slightly from 7.3 to 7.2 ounces, a fraction of an ounce, most likely because of a smaller battery.The good news is that all cases that fit the other Paperwhites will fit the 2015 version!!DISPLAY: The resolution has been bumped up to 300 ppi, equivalent to the Voyage. However, in practical use, I cant tell the difference unless I put an earlier version next to the new version for comparison. Unfortunately, when I place them side-by-side, I noticed that the new Paperwhite is not quite as bright as the older models when set at the same brightness level. This is more noticeable at lower settings. Also, my Kindle has a slight shadow area along the bottom that appears as a small gray smudge and isnt quite as evenly lit as the rest of the display. It is very small but noticeable. The logo on the bottom of the screen is now shiny black against matte black on the plastic case instead of being displayed in silver lettering. It's difficult to see except when viewing the shiny "Kindle" reflection at an angle to light.(September 2015 update: The Kindle logo is how I tell my new 2015 Paperwhite and older Paperwhites apart. They are that similar!)BATTERY: The battery of the 2013 and 2014 Paperwhites are rated a third larger than the new model. And it is noticeable! When operating simultaneously, the new PW battery drains much faster. It is currently rated at 6 weeks of  hour average daily usage versus 8 weeks for the older models. That specification translates to 21 hours of use versus 28 hours of use for the older models.(September 2015 update: I was on a week-long vacation trip but forgot my chargers. I had the 2014 Kindle with me, and as I was on vacation, I read a lot. The battery lasted--barely--the entire vacation. Given the shorter battery life, the 2015 model would have lost power before I came home. Normally, this shouldn't  be an issue for most people as the 2015 battery does last a long time. But.... I am so spoilt by not having to carry a charger on trips, even long trips.)STORAGE: Nothing has changed. It comes with the same 4 GB of storage. Mine netted 2990 MB free space from the factory. This number will vary slightly from device to device depending on the actual hard drive.HARDWARE: Alas, there is still no audio with the Paperwhite. So you still cant play songs in the background or listen to Audible books. If you need audio features, you may want to look at the Kindle Fire lineup as audio capabilities are not available on the PaperWhite, standard Kindle, or the Kindle Voyage. (September 2015 update: I still wish I could listen to Audible books like you could on the Kindle Keyboard.)Wifi: Nothing has changed. I had hoped for an upgrade to 802.11ac or at least add the less crowded 5-Ghz range of wifi. If you are in a wifi crowded area, you will need to be closer to your router to download books. While the Paperwhite does not use a lot of bandwidth, it does need to be able to communicate with a router for WhisperSync to work and to download books.It is possible that the new Kindle Paperwhite either has a slightly faster processor, or more likely, the memory has been upgraded from 512MB to 1024MB to match the Voyage. I have over a thousand books installed. To keep track of what I have, all books are added to collections, such as Reading Queue for those I have not read but want to read, and Already Read for those books I have already read. In addition, my books are also categorized by genre collections such as Crime/Mystery/Thriller,  SciFi/Fantasy, "Historical Fiction," "Romance," etc. Categorizing my books helps me considerably when I wish to find a new book to read in my library which I have not read and what I want is a Mystery novel, but not a SciFi. When I download a new book and try to add it to the appropriate collections for later enjoyment, the process can be extremely slow, so slow that sometimes, I am not sure that I have even touched the check box in the add-to-collection screen because it takes forever to respond. The 2015 Kindle seems to be faster in that area.(September 2015 update: I've noticed that the speed is directly related to the strength and quality of the WiFi signal. I am in a crowded WiFi area and although I can get a fairly good signal, the speed definitely degrades when I am not in the same room as the router. I still wish it had a 5Ghz antennae as that bandwidth is less crowded and faster.)SOFTWARE: The user interface on the new Paperwhite is identical to the old Paperwhite except that the new Paperwhite comes with the Bookerly font installed. Those who own one of the new Fire tablets already have the Bookerly font for comparison. Personally, on the Paperwhite, I like the Caecilian and Palatino fonts as much as I do the Bookerly. It seems that the best font for reading changes depending on the book and the magnification of the font. (There are still eight size magnifications.) However, the firmware version installed with my 2015 Paperwhite was a version behind. The Firmware Version installed on the 2015 model is Kindle 5.6.1.1 (2634130033) versus Kindle 5.6.2.1 (263439002) installed on my 2014 model.(September 2015 update: Amazon has updated the software on all their Kindles so the Bookerly font is available on all the devices.)WITH SPECIAL OFFERS OR WITHOUT?? If you buy a case that automatically shuts the device off when closed and turns on when opened, I strongly recommend paying the extra $20 for removing the ads. If you have special offers, the Kindle still needs to be swiped from the lock screen to get to the page of the book where you left off. If you do NOT have special offers, when you open your case, you are immediately brought to the book and page where you stopped reading. No lock screen! Having a Kindle Paperwhite without special offers is wonderful. Open up the case, Kindle turns on and you pick up right where you left off. Close the case and it turns off. No extra finger swipes! This is true only for the Kindle e-readers. The Fire tablets continue to open up to the lock screen which must be swiped irrelevant of whether you have special offers or not.NOTE: I received the advanced order of the 2015 Paperwhite on June 30. I was not able to order the device without special offers. Normally, you should be able to pay the upgrade difference online to remove special offers. Unfortunately, the device that I have received does not have an option to remove special offers for this device only! I do not know if this option will be available for all new orders or if they will correct the oversight in the future. So, order the device without special offers if you think you will ultimately want that because it is possible that you will not be able to remove them in the future.(September 2015 update: Amazon fixed the option to remove special offers. And I still recommend that you buy it without special offers if you use a case that automatically turns it on and off.)SUMMARY FOR THOSE LOOKING TO UPGRADE:This is what has changed from the 2014 model.PLUS: Higher resolution screen with Bookerly font. Possibly quicker when managing large numbers of books. (September 2015 update: Bookerly font is now available on all Kindle devices including older Paperwhites)MINUS: A smaller battery and shorter time life between charges. No power adapter.NEUTRAL: The "kindle" logo at the bottom of the 2015 model is now black on black instead of the silver color at the bottom front of the 2014 model.(September 2015 update: The Kindle logo is how I tell my newer and older Paperwhites apart.)THE VERDICT: The new Paperwhite is still the state-of-the-art e-ink e-book reader. The only things I can think of to improve the Paperwhite is to add a power adapter, a longer USB cord, bring back the longer battery life of the earlier model and perhaps make it waterproof.(September 2015 update: the Paperwhite is still my favorite reader. I also like the Voyage but not enough to justify the huge price difference.)Although the Paperwhite is only an e-reader and not a tablet, there are other considerations:* No distraction from email* No distractions from text messages* No distractions from phone calls.SHOULD YOU BUY? If you own last year's Paperwhite - I don't think it is worth the upgrade. If you do not own an e-reader or have a 2012 or earlier Kindle version, definitely get the Paperwhite. It has the best mix of features for the price compared to the other Kindle e-reader models. If you are considering upgrading from the current basic $79 Kindle, definitely get the Paperwhite. If you are considering whether to get the Voyage or the Paperwhite, ask yourself, "Is getting the Page Press area at the edge of the screen worth an additional $80?" If not, get the Paperwhite.(September 2015 update: I really like both the Paperwhite and the Voyage. But I can't tell you which one to buy. If you are the type that will buy a Cadillac instead of a Chevy, buy the Voyage. It is definitely a very nice reader. Personally, I like the Paperwhite. Even though the Voyage is slightly smaller and lighter in the hand, there is something about the Paperwhite that makes me grab it instead.)For reading, I prefer the Paperwhite over all the readers including the Fire tablets, the basic Kindle and even the Voyage. Its optimized for readers and reasonably priced. You can throw it in your purse or pocket for traveling, even for reading in the doctors office waiting room. If you forget to charge it overnight, it will still have enough juice to get you through the next day or two. You can read it on the beach in BRIGHT, BRIGHT sunlight or at night under DARK, DARK moonlight. Whether you sit on the front porch or hide under the bed covers, you can enjoy reading books with the Paperwhite. In addition, there is a huge selection of case styles and colors to trick out your Kindle to match your personality and reading style.If you want to save a little money, Amazon is currently selling the 2014 model for $109. Although it doesnt have the Bookerly font, it does have a better battery. You cant go wrong with the 2014 model either, especially when it is slightly cheaper.(September 2015 update: My older Paperwhites have been updated with new software and now all have the Bookerly font. Unfortunately, the 2014 model is no longer available for sale through Amazon.)FOR NEWBIES: You might want to explore the following features.VOCABULARY BUILDER: The Amazon Kindles have a tool called Vocabulary Builder which is not available in the Fire tablets. Vocabulary Builder is supposed to help you learn new words while you read: words you look up in the Kindle's dictionary are stored in Vocabulary Builder. You can review those words, test yourself with flash cards, even see where in a book you highlighted the word and remove the word from your list when youve mastered it.PAGE FLIP: When you're on a page, swipe up from the bottom, and a slightly smaller pop-up of the page appears. The pop-up has page turn arrows to go back or go forward in the book (you can also just swipe the pop-up page). When you're ready to return to your original page, press the "X" in the upper right corner of the pop-up, and the pop-up page goes away.HIGHLIGHT: The highlight feature allows you to highlight (in black-and-white of course) a particular passage in a book and save it so you can go back to it at a later time. You also have the option of turning on an option that shows you other popular highlights from other readers of the book. This is a VERY useful feature, especially for non-fiction books as 99% of the time, the highlights other users have made point out very important sentences and paragraphs in the book. Note that this feature does not show EVERY reader's highlights, it only shows the most popular ones and even tells you how many readers have highlighted a particular section. This can be turned on or off if you find it distracting.---
Getting a Kindle to read with changed my life.  For 50 + years I read a book every 2 days or less.  As my eyes got worse, for many reasons, I just had to quit.  Reading a paperback was hard and after 10 minutes of reading I simply gave up.  With a Kindle I can adjust the font style and size and read for hours a day.  The best straight forward reading tablet I previously owned is the Kindle Paperwhite 2013 version.  This new release improves in an area that I want and one that I paid to upgrade my tablet for.  The new 2015 screen has 300 PPI versus 212 PPI for the 2013 version and the screen resolution is almost twice as good as the older Kindle.  The change is from 768x1024 to 1072x1448 pixels and that is a tremendous improvement and luxury for those with older eyes.One downside is that the new Kindle Paperwhite does have a lower battery life when compared to the previous generation.  The battery life has dropped from 8 weeks at  hour of reading per day to 6 weeks at  hour of reading per day.  That is due to the additional energy required for the higher resolution screen and the power to render the higher resolution of text.  I don't like the reduced reading time but for me this was not a big deal as it is still 21 hours of reading time (It was 28 hours on the 2013 version) and it charges quickly in 4 hours.  Heck, my expensive iPad battery only lasts about 8 hours and the eyestrain is pretty tough to handle using the iPad for more than 30 minutes to read.  Some people may not like this but I just recharge my Kindles every three or four days.  Since the unit has a lower battery life I do believe that Amazon should have included a USB charger as someone that travels may not be carrying a laptop computer with them to charge the Kindle Paperwhite.  This omission of a USB charger is still a sore point with many people.  I wish Amazon would just raise the price $10 and include the charger as a standard feature!I have added a video of the Kindle Paperwhite 2013 compared to a Kindle Paperwhite 2015 and a Kindle Keyboard. If you have any questions please feel free to contact me and I will try to answer them.Things to do with your new Kindle Paperwhite:* Get a simple light weight case that will turn off the screen when you close the cover.  It will help save on your battery life and protect your tablet.* Enter in a device pass code to protect your tablet in case you lose your tablet.  This prevents someone from using your tablet and even from buying books using your account.* Yes you can use just about any USB charger for this Kindle Paperwhite.  I use the one that came with my Kindle Keyboard unit and it works fine.I own multiple Kindle Fires, HP tablets and Apple iPads and Android tablets but the best reading device is a Kindle Paperwhite.  Why? It is simply because I can read it outside in the sunlight, inside and at night with reduced eyestrain when compared to any other tablet I own.  It is the read anyplace best tablet for reading hands down champion!I just love this new tablet. It offers the perfect balance of a lit screen with reduced eyestrain and high clarity and contrast of the text and a good price.  It is truly a step up to a better reading device.  The new reading font called Bookerly is very good for my eyes.  It is crisper and bolder on the screen and I can read for longer times than before.  Toss in the higher screen resolution and you have a new reading experience.I am always looking for improvements in the text and screen quality as for me that is a major issue.  The print on the screen is blacker and crisper and it is easier on my eyes.  Side by side with my Kindle Paperwhite 2013 the older Paperwhite text looks grey and the screen slightly yellow in comparison to this newer version. There definitely is a good improvement and that relates to more reading comfort for my eyes!This newer 2015 Paperwhite has a few new features that I like:* 300 PPI versus older 2013 Paperwhite at 212 PPI* New reading font Bookerly that is bolder and designed for use on a digital screen* 4 GB of memory versus my 2013 version that was launched with 2 GIG (Not enough for me)Reading was my number one hobby my entire life and I just loved it. The Kindle has brought back that reading experience and now with the crisper text, better font and no glare lit screen I can enjoy my reading in every type of environment. In my video I compare the Kindle Keyboard, Kindle Paperwhite 2013 and the Kindle Paperwhite 2015 side by side.  The improvements are amazing.The new screen clarity is where this Paperwhite design really is outstanding. With better contrast, lighting and custom designed fonts, the text just pops out of the screen like you have not seen in an e-Reader before. With 300 PPI (Pixels Per Inch) this screen provides a 1072 by 1448 pixel screen that just makes the old Kindle screens look old fashioned.My favorite time to read is the last two hours of the evening before bedtime. I also read during the day during breaks and even at my grandson's outdoor swim meets.  It is impossible to read in the sunlight with a Kindle Fire or an iPad.  There is simply too much glare.  At night time the Kindle Paperwhite soft lit screen is unobtrusive and for me my eyes do not get tired of reading like they do on the Kindle Fire and on the iPad. I can actually read for hours without the same eyestrain I get with other tablets.  You also have adjustable brightness to suit your own comfort levels and ambient conditions.There are multiple font sizes and you can pinch and zoom on the Kindle Paperwhite screen to expand the font size or decrease it like you do on a powerful tablet, this is a great feature. There are 7 different font styles and they are Baskerville, Bookerly, Futura, Caecilia, Helvetica, Caecilia Condensed and Palatino. I think my favorite is Bookerly.  I love the new dictionary feature that creates a Vocabulary Builder which is a list of the words that you looked up and you can review the list and use flashcards to enhance your vocabulary and reading skills.There is a minor learning curve of learning where to touch the screen if you are transitioning from a much older Kindle tablet but the changeover was fast and easy. The capacitive touch response of the screen is very nice. It makes the New Paperwhite respond quickly to finger touches, menu changes and page turns. What I like about the Kindle Paperwhite is that it is a dedicated e-Reader and it combines the best features of the Kindle e-ink and the iPad/Kindle Fire.* Ultra lightweight at 7.2 ounces and easily held for hours with one hand. I love the size and weight as it is comfortable to hold for long periods of time and you don't find yourself laying down the Paperwhite like I would be doing with my iPads.  What I love is that it still weighs 7.2 ounces with 1000 books loaded into it!* Lit screen for reading in poorly lighted areas like the iPad and Kindle Fire but without the eyestrain. The lighting level is adjustable.* High clarity of the text and contrast for easy reading.  The screen has 16 levels of gray scale available.* Fast charging time in 4 hours* Ability to be easily read in the sunlight with no screen glare.* WIFI connectability* Battery life of 21 hours (of reading time) depending on the WIFI usage and screen brightness used.  You can turn off your WIFI to prolong the battery life. This specification dropped from 28 hours on the Kindle Paperwhite 2013 version.* Touch screen control* Easy page turning and access to the onboard dictionary, access to Wikipedia and X-Ray.* Easy to access menu and setup was a breeze* Fast response for loading books and page turning thanks to a faster microprocessor.* Small, thin and highly portable* Able to carry 3,400 books* My favorite feature is the adjustable text size and font style!* Custom tuned fonts add clarity and crispness to the quality of the displayed text* Since I review a lot of books I love to highlight sections and text as well as take notes on the screen.* Translation of foreign language that is used in the book* Web surfing is possible but still slower than a good tablet. Who cares, this is my portable eBook reader with 3,400 books in it (depending on the book file size). I have other devices to browse the web and read my email.* I like the rubberized feel of the back and it is similar to my Kindle Fire. It makes the Kindle Paperwhite easy to grip and hold with one hand and just have it lay in the palm of my hand without a case.This tablet gives me the best reading conditions in the daytime and also in the night. It has a lot of great features but I wanted to post a review that provides a strong comparison between the new Kindle Paperwhite and the last Kindle Paperwhite 2013 version.--------------------------Kindle Paperwhite 2013---------Kindle Paperwhite 2015Screen size: -------------------- 6 inch------------------------6 inchScreen PPI----------------------212--------------------------300Resolution: ---------------------768x1024-------------------1072x1448Weight: --------------------------7.3 ounces------------------7.2 ounces per the manualOverall Size: --------------------6.7"x4.6"x0.36"-----------6.7"x4.6"x0.36Battery life in hours of reading: 28 hours----------------21 hoursCharging Time: -----------------4 hours----------------------4 hoursEyestrain: ------none under all reading conditions----------noneMemory: -------------------------2 GIG --------------------4 GIG with 3 GIG available for the userNumber of books: -------------1,100--------------------------3,400 approximatelyIncluded charger: --------------No---------------------------NoWIFI Connectability: ----------Fast and easy--------------Fast and easySpeakers: ------------------------No----------------------------NoOther considerations:* No distraction from email* No distractions from text messages* No distractions from phone calls.Pros:* You can use a capacitive stylus on the screen to help keep the screen clean.* Great battery life and fast charging.* Perfect form factor for size and weight for a hand held portable e-reader.* I don't need to use the stupid book light that never worked well anyway!* Faster page tuning which for me really makes a difference.* Connection to the WIFI was fast and easy.* Downloading my book library was fast and easy.* Even though the screen has slight texture to it is does not show fingerprints as bad as a glossy screen like a Kindle Fire or an iPad* Increase of the standard memory size to 4 GIG from the older versions 2 GIGCons:* The battery life has dropped from 8 weeks at  hour of reading per day to 6 weeks at  hour of reading per day (Roughly 28 hours to 21 hours).  That is due to the additional energy required for the higher resolution screen and the power to render the higher resolution of text.  For me this was not a big deal as it is still 21 hours of reading time and it charges quickly in 4 hours.* It still costs extra money for an AC wall adapter. It comes with a USB to Micro USB cable that you can use for charging and connecting to any AC USB wall adapter or computer USB port. I don't need another USB power adapter but not getting one just makes Amazon look cheap in not supplying one with the product.* They charge extra money to remove push ads to your Kindle Paperwhite* No speakers and no ability to have the book read aloud to you using text to speech.Summary:Overall considering all the issues this is a great e-Reader. It is the best available at this time when you consider the price and the features.  So far I have not been able to justify the price jump to $199 for the Kindle Voyage for the small differences with the new Kindle Paperwhite. I do feel that Amazon always gives some things and takes away others. Things like text to speech, speakers and AC wall chargers disappear from new products and sometimes return in others. I also don't care for the ads still being pushed in our faces. This is still a solid 5 star product and you can't go wrong with buying one. It is just that sometimes the things you lose seem to mean more to users than to Amazon. I don't mind them saving some money but raise the price $10 and put in all the features that users will need like a charger.This Kindle paperwhite is still working well. Best eReader available.
I have had 4 other Kindle's prior to this one. This one is BY FAR my favorite. It is so easy to use, it is super light, and makes a book worm like me able to read with no effort at all!
Let me preface this by saving that this is my review on Amazon evahhh! I'm a Prime Member and their customer service is second to none. NOW on to the Kindle Paperwhite...I have an iPad Air and LOVE it. I downloaded a ton books over the years and I rarely ended up reading them. Why? Size in my hands and the glare when reading outside. I took a chance and got the Kindle. Guess what? I'm reading all the time! I read at the beach. I read on the throne (TMI), and I even started reading when I go to bed (again after many years).It takes a little getting used to regarding the navigation of the device but the helpful digital how-to booklet included got me on my way quickly. Honestly I really love this device. It's the perfect size in my hand, zero glare, lightweight but sturdy, great battery life, yada, yada, yada. I miss the colors of the iPad but there's also something old school and soulful having it be in black and white. I'll call it Digital Nostalgia, (I just made that up).I read some reviews about the screen being beige, etc. Mine has none of that. It works great and I couldn't be happier. Highly recommend.
Recently retired my well-used Kindle Keyboard for the Paperwhite, as I was looking forward to getting one with a backlit screen. Overall, this is easily the best e-reader I've had the pleasure of using. It's just the right size (and feels less bulky than my Keyboard), the interface is faster, the text more vibrant, and the adjustable backlight is exceptionally convenient for all lighting conditions. Here are a few thoughts for those that prefer lists:LIGHTING:The Good: the adjustable backlight on the Paperwhite is great. Some reviewers have mentioned it being yellowish, but the unit purchased is a nice, blueish-white. While reading in bed, it can be dimmed enough to where it doesn't strain your eyes, though it does wash out the text slightly. I didn't think the backlight would be useful in the daytime, but it actually makes it much easier to read at max setting, which I was pleasantly surprised with.The Bad: There is a little bit of light bleeding from the bottom of my Kindle. It's not terribly noticeable, but if you look closely enough you can see a little blotchy unevenness near the bottom. Not nearly enough of an issue at this price point worth complaining about.THE UNIT:The Good: Love the design - more compact and sleek than the Kindle Keyboard it replaced. It fits easily in either hand without being too big or small. Perfect screen size.The Bad: I am mourning the loss of the page turning buttons from my Keyboard. Anyone who owns a newer Kindle would be lying if they said they've never accidentally turned the page by touching the screen. It can be a maddening experience. Plan on getting a case for your Kindle, as the plastic on the front and rubbery texture on the back are oil magnets and will suck any grease off the cleanest of hands, and it's obnoxiously hard to clean. I never had this issue with my Keyboard. Minor complaint about having the "Kindle" namesake on the front of the unit not embossed in white...looks a bit cheaper than the last gen in that regard. Power on/off button is obscenely tiny and very hard to activate - buy a cover that turns it on/off automatically.BATTERY/CHARGE:The battery doesn't last as long as my Keyboard's did, but it is still exceptionally strong even with heavy backlight usage. I have well over 3/4 of the battery reading for a few hours each day over the course of a week. It seems to charge for about the same duration as my Keyboard and I assume the backlighting eats up the battery a bit, but not enough to where it has been problematic yet. I find it frustrating that they only include a short USB charger. I don't appreciate upselling of charger plug ins.INTERFACE:The Good: Love the bookshelf view showing the covers (if you don't, you can put it back into List view like older models). Touch interface and changes from the Keyboard model took me a little white to get used to, but it is all fairly intuitive and much quicker than the model it is replacing. I absolutely refuse to tie my Twitter/Facebook account to my Kindle, but love the option of doing it for my Good Reads account - good call on that, Amazon. Newer features that let you learn more about people, places, and events in books has been great (I'm looking at you Game of Thrones). LOVE the feature that tells you how much additional time you have in a chapter...makes it easier to know if  can squeeze one more in before bed. Same goes for Word Wise, which will put brief descriptions/similes of complex words above the word in question. You can set the threshold - awesome.The Bad: Collections show a generic book image, rather than a collage of the books within like I expected. Minor complaint. I bought a Kindle Touch for my mom awhile back and have had to work with her quite a bit, as its her first e-reader. She struggled with the interface and is still learning how to get the most out of it. I know it's a cost-saving measure, but I really resent a Kindle copy of the user guide instead of the traditional paper insert. Minimalism has its place, but not here. The filter 'buttons' on the screen are annoyingly hard to press (maybe I have fat fingers?), but feedback is exceptional everywhere else.AD VS NO AD:Ultimately, it's going to come down to your preference. Many people have found good discounts on things they'd buy on Amazon or other eBooks (it uses your recommendations). If they were only on the "off" screen when not in use, I wouldn't have ponied up the extra $20 to remove them because my cover hides it when not in use, but the ad banner at the bottom of the home screen put me over the edge. I want to point out - I've read Amazon doesn't allow you to use Gift Cards to pay for the ad removal (it requires '1-touch payment'), so if you don't think you want the ads and you have a gift card - buy the version without ads. I believe it applied $20 of a promotional credit I had on my account, however.PRIME HOUSEHOLD SHARING:The Good: If you're an Amazon Prime member and have added a second adult to your 'household', you can share select (or all) of your Kindle libraries with one another for free. I didn't see this advertised much, but it was an awesome way for my mom and I to share our books with each other.The Bad: It's horrific to set up. Once you've activated your Household, you need to go to Manage Your Content, flip "Books" to on (for both parties, and manually select which titles you want to share. Then you need to go to "Manage Your Device" and ensure the little box for "Share My Content" is selected. I believe both people need to do this, but once you do, you'll be able to access your family member's books in the Cloud after dropping down the filter to "Shared". It will take quite awhile for it to process if you have a large library, but once you get it set up, you can click and download any of your family member's books. I just wish it wasn't such a royal pain to set up.For most people, I'd suggest buying the one with no ads and saving $20 for books (or a library subscription...I borrow 90% of my books, it's awesome). If you hate the ads, pay to remove them - no sense in paying more if you can live with it in the first place.All in all, this is an exceptional machine for the price and any negatives I can find are easily forgivable given how many great things there are. Amazon Prime members can also download one book from a very large selection per month for free, with no return dates, as well as download one free new release with Amazon First - something I found out through a lot of digging on Amazon's website. These features should be a little clearer. My mom loves her Kindle Touch, but after buying myself the Paperwhite, I wish I'd coughed up a little extra and got her the Paperwhite. The backlit screen and increased clarity of the e-ink is exceptional for all reading conditions. Should you upgrade? If you own a Kindle without a backlight or a a Keyboard/older model - 110%. The interface is faster and the screen clarity significantly better. The biggest complaint I have is for Kindle Keyboard users who are used to the manual page turner buttons are out of luck (unless they opt for the Voyage, I believe) - I sincerely wish they'd bring that feature back.TL;DR? If you love reading, treat yourself or a loved one and buy a Kindle Paperwhite. It's worth every penny.
Amazon help pages actually tell you that you can't use borrowed library e-books with the children's FreeTime feature that let's you track the amount of time they read each day (see attached image). In fact, even some customer service representatives tell you it can't be done.Luckily, it can....and it makes for a wonderful combination for parents who want to track their kids' reading while still taking advantage of free library loans.Here are the steps after having checked out the book:1. Go to "Manage Your Content and Devices"2. Click on the "Actions" button (labeled "...") next to the library-borrowed book.3. Choose "Manage Family Library"4. A small dialogue box should pop up with your child's Freetime profile. Click the "Add to Library" button next to it.5. Sync the Paperwhite....and the book shows up in their Freetime account!I've confirmed this with a borrowed e-book on my son's Paperwhite.Now Amazon needs to update their help pages and give these instructions.
Lets start for what this is all about. Its an ereader, eink has been around for awhile now. I've had one other ereader and it was a sony 6" as well. Honestly at this point I don't fully understand why the screens haven't gotten a bit bigger. While easily readable on a 6" screen, it would be nice to have something more 'book like' in size. In comparison my phone is a 5.5" screen. So this is slightly bigger then the average modern smartphone. I also bought mine at Best Buy - same price and got it the same day.What I like about this reader;1.Back light, easy readable in all lighting conditions.2. Eink, it really hasn't gotten any better from older models to new models, 300ppi is nice but really I don't think its something you'll really care about or notice on plain text, graphics are another story. But really who would use this on a graphic novel?3. Your own email to send ebooks to, its one of those nice things that is convenient. Send your book via email without having to mess with cords and such, from anywhere. I like that.4. Dictionary. I am well read, but sometimes you come across a word that is just, unknown. The built in dictionary is handy in that regard.5. Battery, it charges fast and so far holds it for a long time. Out of the box it had over half battery and I didn't have to charge it for 2 weeks, even with heavy back light use.What I don't like. And I'll start with what really prompted this review and why I am giving it a 3 star review.1.The high jacking of you're device and being held hostage with ads. Sure, you can remove them but you'll pay amazon $20 to do it. Last I checked, I owned this thing and paid for it. Now, for awhile I didn't really care about the ads, they were about books or some electronic device (battery banks and such). But what took the cake was the ad for Hefty trash bags - Hefty. Trash. Bags. My device is my device - not some ad platform that should be held hostage with a paywall to remove ads from a device I OWN. Now, I'll be paying the ransom to remove the ads from my device because I really don't want to see ads for trash bags ever again. Its honestly a desperate act by amazon to spam me with ads, and really it should not be like that. And no amazon, its not a deal to say its $99 with 'special offers' if those special offers are a means to thrust ads into my face every time I turn on my device. Because nothing puts you into the mood to read your favorite book then 'Hefty trash bags', yea no thanks. I've attached an image of the festive bags for reference.2. Touch screen. Why is everything touchscreen? Sometimes my hand gets near the screen and I turn the page or go back inadvertently, the simple page buttons would be ever so nice. Granted you'd complicate the dictionary side of this, but honestly its a thing that can be overlooked.3. The paper white really isn't paper white. Its still grayish white and it bugs me that the ads/pictures for this clearly are making it look 'whiter' to other older models. It simply is not and looks like typical eink tech - the back light is what makes the screen 'pop' in my humble opinion.4. Some of my ebooks required converting so that the kindle could open it. Not a problem, just get Calibre and convert to supported format - granted its one more step if you have your own ebook collection aside from your amazon ebooks.Conclusion: Its a solid device with excellent battery and the back light is great, pay the extra to remove the ads and forgo the festive-santa-hat-wearing-trashbags. Because eventually your bound to get an ad on yours that makes you say 'really, amazon?'.
I purchased two brand new Paperwhite 300dpi units and, as soon as began the setup, I noticed a difference in color between the two devices. One had the correct color balance  a white background with perfect contrast and the other with a yellow background with murky contrast. The device with the yellow background also had an additional issue whereby the page filled with black screen artifacts when 'turning' the page, which was distracting. Also, screen sensitivity on the returned unit was problematic. I called Amazon and they offered to send a replacement unit. The replacement is slightly less yellow than the one I returned, but it is absolutely still way more yellow than white. Thankfully, it does not exhibit the same black screen artifacts when 'turning' pages and screen sensitivity is normal. I've included a picture of the Paperwhite with the correct white background (on left) and the new replacement Paperbeige (on right). You be the judge.
I am waiting for my third replacement. First one had a defect on lighting, second one shown on picture is very yellow. Frustrated, I went to Bestbuy to view a standard one, and there was so much difference in contrast. Until then I wasn't sure if I was being too sensitive and even felt bad asking for a third replacement. Since Amazon wasn't interested in looking at my photos to see what exactly is wrong with my device, I am posting here. The one with the alarm is one at bestbuy, same light level, same room, and I even switched left and right to be fair in lighting condition. If the third one I receive is still not normal, I will be very disappointed.
Love love love this upgrade. This is my third kindle. The backlit feature has an amazing amount of gradients, definitely easy on the eyes AND I can read in the dark.
I have the new paperwhite and love it. I just ordered one for my husband and the display is NOT the same. It does not have the vivid bright white background like mine does. It has a sepia background. This is with the brightness turned all the way up and it's on any page, in a book, home screen, etc. I asked for a replacement. I received it today and it's the exact same thing. I talked to the kindle tech person and he acted like he almost didn't believe me. I have taken pictures of both kindles side by side with my Paperwhite(that I've had for a few months), but he didn't want me to email them to him. Maybe they don't have a way to view an email? Not sure, but now they are sending me a 3rd one. 1 day shipping...which I appreciate greatly, as this was an anniversary gift for my husband. If the 3rd one is the same, then I give up and I'll just give my husband my paperwhite that does have the bright white background and I'll keep the defect one, even though it's not as easy on the eyes to read. I'm going to assume that for some reason, amazon is manufacturing kindle paperwhites without the bright white background anymore. I've included pictures of the 1st kindle I got him and the 2nd one. Both are beside my kindle and both brightnesses are turned all the way up. In the first pic, my kindle is on the left. In the 2nd pic, my kindle is on the right and you can see the brightness levels are exactly the same
No one can meet Kindle paper white quality!! Amezon is Amazing
I've wanted an e-reader for years.I could never justify purchasing a stand alone e-reader as I've always just done my reading on LCD screens via the Kindle app (on an iPad and iPhone 6+).  I got distracted on my iDevices with constant notifications interrupting my reading.  Holding my iPhone / iPad with one hand was also uncomfortable after time.  Reading outside with the iDevices wasn't ideal with all the glare.When the infamous (cough, cough) "Prime Day" sale came around I was finally ready to take the plunge and buy my very first Kindle - the new Paperwhite.  But low and behold, no Paperwhite device ever went on sale.  Disappointment ensued ..... so  2 days later I bought one anyway.After a week of use, here are some observations from a Kindle newbie.PROS1)  First and foremost, it feels so good reading one hand with it.  It is perfect for one hand use: perfect weight, perfect size, perfect grip.  I like the feel of it so much I just can't put a case on it.  I purchased a sleeve for it when it's not in use.2)  The screen is beautiful.  Being able to read either in complete darkness or in direct sunlight is a thing of beauty - especially coming from an iPhone.3)  I love that I can rent all my library books via Overdrive and have them delivered to both my Kindle and my iPhone and have them both in constant sync.4)  My 8 year old has fallen in love with reading on my Kindle and the Kindle FreeTime feature is wonderful for parents - it allows you to set daily timed reading goals for your child.  The only downside is actually trying to pry the Kindle away from said child long after the goal is met.5)  I use a "read later" app called Instapaper on my iPhone and iPad.  I love that Instapaper sends me my saved news or web articles right on my Kindle to read.  Fantastic integration.6)  The battery just lasts and lasts and lasts.  I plug it in every few days whether it needs it or not, mostly out of habit from coming from the iPhone world.CONS1)  I wish the screen had a bit more contrast.  It seems like the Voyage might excel here but for the price difference I'm still satisfied.2)  The screensavers.  I bought the "special offer" Kindle version and was fully prepared to purchase the $20 fee to turn off the ads but after seeing what the default screensavers will be I think I prefer the ad version of a book screensaver.  I wish Amazon would let you either select your screensaver (even if it was just the current book cover you are reading) or purchase additional screensaver packs via the Kindle store.3)  The smudge factor.  It attracts fingerprints easily (on the black / back).  I know putting a case on the Kindle would take care of the smudges but I just love the feel of it too much to cover it (so far) and I've been able to easily clean it with just water.4)  I find myself wanting more settings to truly personalize the device:  a selectable screensaver, a timeout setting, a contrast setting, the ability to "hide" Goodreads if you don't use it, the ability to search or display the book covers differently.  Ultimately, I do realize the beauty of the Kindle is the simplicity of a Kindle.Overall, I love my new Kindle.  I bought it thinking I would keep it just at my nightstand and now I find myself taking it with me everywhere.  It truly is a beautiful reading device and I would recommend it for anyone who loves to read.  For the price, it's a definite buy.
*****UPDATE******It's been about 4 months since I got my Kindle Paperwhite and I still love this little beasty as much as I did the first day I got it! She's holding up amazingly strong and I have absolutely no complaints at ALL! My screen is still working just fine and has no color variation. And umm...let me just praise the battery life of this contraption because it is absolutely AMAZING! I have been reading on my Kindle A LOT. I mean at least 1-2 hours a day and every few days the long sits of 4-8 hours of reading occur, and STILL the battery life is great. Since getting my Paperwhite, I've only had to charge it 3-4 times. I've had this thing for over 13 weeks now! That's amazing! I will never regret buying this. Probably the best Amazon purchase I've ever made!*********************Just got my kindle today for my birthday and I love it! I was worried I wouldn't like it that much or that I'd get a dud like some have received but luckily that was not the case for me! This is my FIRST kindle and I am so excited I finally started giving ebooks a try.I went to test the Paperwhite at Best Buy before buying it to make sure it was what I wanted. The one on display seemed glitchy and had poor lighting on it that was blotchy. Made me extremely nervous to order one. But with how much reading I've been doing with ebooks, and the fact that my iPhone and laptops are making my stinking eyes feel like they want to bleed off of my face (yes, off of my face), I decided to take the leap. SO glad that I did!My kindle I received is perfect. The colors are right where they should be, with no blotchy spots like some say and crispness between the white and black text. My kindle is SO much more responsive and faster than the one I tried on display. If you are going to try them out in a store first, keep in mind they probably aren't as nice as the one you will get! There's a night and day difference in the test one and the one I bought. I am so excited to be able to finally read ebooks in the sun outside and to read in bed at night without killing my eyes or keeping the husband up.The set up is extremely easy. Once you connect to wifi, you can sign into your kindle/amazon account or it will already be signed in for you and boom, there are your books in your library! The set up of it is also really easy and basic too, and steps you through it from the very beginning. No idea why some people say it's confusing, because it is NOT. If you can work a smart phone, you can surely work a simple Kindle lol.The only thing I am surprised and a little disappointed about is that it does feel heavier than I thought it would. It's nothing bad at all and I don't believe it will hurt my hands holding it up in bed, but I was hoping for a little less weight in a device so small. But at the same time, the weight does make it feel very sturdy, and the entire thing is weighted evenly so there's no tipping one way or another with the device.This Paperwhite is a dream, and I am so happy that I decided to give Kindles a chance. If you're a firsts time Kindle buyer, DO IT! I don't think you'll regret it one bit! But even if you don't end up liking it, the worst that happens is you send it back. But it's worth a shot definitely! With how much you can save on books by downloading free ones from amazon (I have 234 books in my library and I have only bought 4 of them. Much of this is thanks to discovering bookbub.com that shows you free and marked down books from amazon) and the fact you can rent ebooks from your public library (I love to do this! No wait time between sequels either!!!) is amazing. So you pay $119 for the device and then BOOM: basically free books or books under $5 forever.Give this wonderful, well made and fun device a chance! I'm happy that I did!(Note in the pictures that the lighting is perfect, no blotchyness, and up close it truly looks like a book page!)
Kindle is a little over a year old (just past the one year warranty, of course) and the I cannot keep it charging. Wiggle the USB cord, stand on one foot, hold the kindle over my head, nothing keeps it charging for very long. From what I Googled, there is a problem with the micro USB being improperly soldered to the mother board. This is my second Kindle that has had this problem, but at least the first lasted three years, better than the one year with this one. I love my Kindle, but I'll be damned if I'll buy another just to have it fail at just out of warranty. Amazon knows about the problem, but has not fixed it, and this has been going on for years. If I could, I would leave a no stars review, because that's what Amazon deserves for selling junk.Update 12/11/2017: Fifteen minutes after the above review was posted, rec'd a call from Amazon. "You know you still have two days left on your warranty" (No, I didn't know). "Will send you a shipper and you can return the Kindle for repair or replacement." Sounds good, will have the Kindle sent back tomorrow.Update 12/17/2017: Rec'd a refurbished Kindle from Amazon today in place of the non-charging Kindle I returned. Plugged the new Kindle for eight hours to charge (screen while charging was just a mismash of characters). Tried starting the Kindle, light on the bottom flashed green twice, then orange five times, screen flashed a couple of times, and nothing, wouldn't boot, screen didn't change. So now I have to contact Amazon and get this issue resolved or get another "refurbished" Kindle. Really getting tired of this.Update: 12/18/2017: Called Amazon this morning, and of course, "Customer Service" is in the Philippines. After going round and round w/ reps who don't speak English, I called again and asked to be transfered to the U.S. After explaining the problem (for the upteenth time) to the U.S. rep, I'm transfered to the Kindle dept., explain the problem again, and get disconnected!!!!!! Another hour totally wasted.
First, let me be clear.  I love my Kindle.  I have been with Kindle almost since they first appeared, and this is my fifth.  When they work as designed, they are great!  However, when a problem occurs, it has gotten nearly impossible to reach a satisfactory resolution quickly with Amazon & Kindle support.  The support seems to have migrated to some location where English is not the first language, and where speedy resolution is not a priority.  When my previous Kindle (after 2 1/2 years) would no longer connect to the Internet in order to download books, I spent three days with a half dozen people attempting to resolve the problem.  One person, who sounded as though he was eating a meal and his children were on his lap talking to him as he was talking with me, said he would need to call me back in an hour.  Twenty-four hours later I finally stopped waiting and initiated another call to Kindle Support.  After hours of gyrating attempting to troubleshoot the problem with them, I finally gave up and ordered a new Kindle.  Amazon offered me a few dollars off the retail price for my efforts.Now I have had my new Kindle for 2 1/2 months, and the internal clock will no longer keep time.  The device is, of course, still under warranty, but it took a couple of hours on the phone (with folks I had a great deal of difficulty understanding) before Amazon finally agreed to send me a new device.  Frankly, the amount of time I spent with Kindle Support (my time and theirs) was worth more than the price of a new device.What was once a great customer service organization has become more of an obstacle than a help.  It seems almost as though the goal is to frustrate the customer to the point where he/she just gives up and lives with whatever problem they have. I am very sorry to have to say this.
Perfect
My first paperwhite (and very first ever kindle) came with a giant blue spot in the bottom of the screen when the backlight was on, which was either darker or lighter depending on the light. So I opened a ticket for a replacement as the spot was very distracting when reading in the dark.The new one looks/acts completely different from the first, including the fact that the screen is a completely different color. Now since it's called the kindle paperWHITE, I thought the screen was supposed to be white. I actually have no idea which one of these is "closer" to what it is "supposed" to look like, however there is obviously an issue going on as one is white with uneven brightness, and one is yellow but not as bright as the other.Additionally, the screen sensitivity on both is completely different - on the "whiter" one I can barely touch it and it turns the page. On the "yellower" one I have to press a few times before it turns the page.  Additionally, when loading the store, pressing at the same time the white one loads within a second while the yellow one takes quite a few seconds, screen flickering the entire time.I posted a photo to display the issue. Both of these have the brightness set to "max" in a dark room, such as how I will be doing most of my reading laying in bed at night. You can see the blueish spot on the bottom of the whiter on on the right. It's even more pronounced in person, and very distracting at any backlit level.Additional issues I have run into; I have emailed myself multiple .mobi files directly to the kindle and they never show up, even when I try to "sync" the devices. In order to put non-amazon-purchased files on the paperwhite, I have to connect it directly to my chromebook, despite having added my email address as a "trusted address" and getting confirmation that the file was added to my library.All in all not the experience I was expecting. I'm really disappointed considering how much everyone seems to LOVE their kindle paperwhites. I cannot believe the level of inconstancy in display and performance I'm seeing. I'm shocked and dismayed.*edit* the 3rd, and final, kindle paperwhite is pictured by itself. This one has no giant spot at the bottom, it indeed receives emailed .mobi files, and is neither yellow/beige nor grey/blue. At max bright it does have a blue tint, but is the most readable of the three. At minimum brightness it is still yellow but that's still quite easy to read. The touch response on this one seems to be better than the other two as well.I am only raising my review to 3 stars however. Why, you might ask? Because you have a 67% chance of ordering a dud, and having to go through customer service to have it replaced, and to me, that is unacceptable. While I did finally receive a working kindle, and I do hope to have much use out of it, it took THREE kindles to get here, as well as talking to SEVEN customer support people. Be aware of these issues when deciding to purchase this, as well as the fact that they offered me a discount on a voyage if the third one did not work, which makes me suspicious that this is a common problem which they "solve" by upselling to the more expensive device.
I read the reviews of Voyage and early 300dpi PW until the occasional manufacturing issue seemed to subside...Then I purchased my PW 3 (I think it is 3rd gen), and it is everything I was hoping for and more. I already had a PW 2 and loved it. However my wife's old Kindle DX needed replacement (battery life decreasing), so we decided to replace it with a PW 3. We did not need the tactile page turning or auto dim on the Voyage.Orderin process was smooth, although it would be better if Amazon clearly said PW 3 instead of just 300 DPI (just to be clear on the order form). The PW 3 package arrived intact, no damage in or out of the box. New product, not refurb. Turned it on and the setup was straightforward, however we have several Kindles and are used to this. I was immediately able to download what I was reading and ... start reading. Next I deauthorized the old Kindle DX (will be gifted), and we still have the PW 2 to use, plus various Android Kindle apps still authorized. This process was straightforward, but like I said, we are used to the Manage Kindle page on the main Amazon website. No comment on the need to re-download books. Yes that has to be done, however we tend to not keep all of our books on the Kindle at once.When I started reading with the PW 3 I immediately compared it to the PW 2. Here is what I found... First, the Bookery new font is awesome. Now, some reviewers have complained that the contrast is less on PW 3 than PW 2. I believe that is because they were looking at two different fonts. The contrast on PW 3 is excellent, however the Bookery font is thinner slightly so it looks lighter. This is a plus for reading a lot, but may be confusing when comparing side to side.Next the adjustable light. It does seem slightly less strong than the PW 2, however still works great in strong sunlight (and I read in planes above clouds in strong sunlight a lot), no issue for me there.Next the consistency of the background light. Some folks have complained about blotches and uneven light. In the PW 2 at low light levels (e.g. 7) in a dark room, it is possible to see slight unevenness. With the PW 3, I don't even notice that. Very consistent.Some folks have complained about the PW 3 having black "kindle" logo whereas PW 2 has that logo in silver. Personally I like the black because then there is absolutely nothing taking away from the immersion reading experience...In short, we are thrilled with the PW 3 (and PW 2) and would purchase the PW 3 again because of the Bookery font, and the amazing 300 DPI resolution. I can view diagrams and pictures much more clearly than with the PW 2, and consider the purchase to be an excellent decision.We hope this helps prospective buyers.
I've been a LONG time Amazon customer, but this is the first time I've written a review so needless to say, I feel very strongly about this.I was one of the customers that pre-ordered this new Kindle Paperwhite. I've wanted a Kindle for years and this NEW Kindle looked great! I used the free shipping but it was delivered very quickly after its official release. However, as soon as I received it, I noticed a line of dead pixels right in the center of the screen (Note pic #1). I online chatted with Danyielle who was incredibly helpful! She suggested that I return the old one and buy a new one to guaranteed a new model (instead of a possible refurb). She even upgraded my new Kindle for a free 2-day shipping. I was pleased. Product defects happen but at least Amazon's customer service is top notch!Then comes the 2nd Kindle... (see pic #2) As soon as I received it, I noticed very uneven lighting throughout the screen and some light leaks at the bottom of the screen (where light comes in) which created spots of shadow throughout the bottom of the screen. I even compared it to my first Kindle (with the dead line of pixels) and confirmed the lighting was definitely uneven on this 2nd Kindle. I look at screens every day for a living so it might be easier for me to notice these things than others. I was very bummed. I went online and requested a refund. And I ordered a 3rd Kindle, because I really want a Kindle!Then comes the 3rd Kindle yesterday...(see pic #3) It's definitely not a charm. There's a significant amount of dust and unrecognizable particles under the screen..I've read other reviewers talk about this but it's pretty shocking to see it for myself. The 3rd Kindle has already been dropped off at UPS to be returned.Now Amazon's customer service is incredible and deserves a 5-star rating. But I am not sure this product is up to par. Kindle is an incredible product and makes reading so much more enjoyable. But who wants to stare at the screen for hours when all you can notice is dead pixels, or dark shadows, or unknown particles under the screen. I am not sure if Amazon was trying to make a deadline so this product was prematurely released. I've never owned a Kindle so I can't compare it to previous models. I'd REALLY like to own a Kindle - but I am scared to order a fourth one that's defective again. As easy as Amazon makes the return process, it's still a huge inconvenience. I am also losing confidence that a fourth one would have a proper screen for a brand new product. This has been incredibly disappointing.
My wife had the old Kindle Touch, but we traded it in and bought both the Kindle Voyage and the Kindle Paperwhite.  She's an avid reader of novels (she'll read between 700 and 900 pages per week).  This review will address the differences between the Voyage and the Paperwhite, and give her overall impression of both.We did not buy the 3G capability, just simple Wifi.The three main differences between the two are:1.  The Voyage has pressure sensitive page turning (give just a little squeeze on the frame to turn the page).  Nice feature, but my wife finds that she use it that much.  Perhaps it's just habit from reading so much on the old Kindle Touch, but she turns pages the old way (tapping the page).  Still, on rare occasions where she has to read with only one hand free (holding a child in her lap for instance), she says it's a great feature to have and it works perfectly.  The sensitivity of the button is adjustable, but she likes the default setting.2.  The Voyage has auto-lighting.  This is nice, but my wife tends to disagree with the light settings it chooses.  She prefers to set her own light level, and the manual setting works exactly like the Paperwhite.3.  The Voyage has its power button on the back, right near where her finger rests while she's reading.  She loves this.  The Paperwhite, on the other hand, has its power/sleep button on the bottom.  It seems like a very small thing to mention, but my wife really strongly prefers to be able to put it to sleep with a tap of her finger instead of tilting it and finding the power/sleep button on the bottom.Both e-readers are thinner and more lightweight than the old Kindle Touch, and my wife loves both of them.  She slightly prefers the Voyage, but doesn't feel the difference is worth the $80 price difference.  She really likes Amazon's Bookerly font, which is available on both.  Both are equally easy to set up, the settings are easy to modify, they both hooked up to wifi quickly and easily, and neither shows any defect.  Both are great e-readers, and my wife loves having two of them.Additional note:  We also bought inexpensive ($11-$15), black OMOTON cases for each, and both cases fit perfectly and line up properly with buttons/ports.  These cases are very thin and light, provide good protection, and put the e-readers to sleep when you close them, and wake when you open them.  She recommends those cases highly.
The is not a worthy upgrade...  Uneven, and even dimmer lighting, no noticeable difference in text clarity or sharpness! As a matter of fact, at full brightness, last years version looks brighter and crisper, where the new unit looks dull, with blotchy and uneven lighting! I am so not impressed!Even with the new font, there is NO noticeable improvement! The only thing that has been supposedly upgraded on this unit, this one has 4GBs of storage, compared to last years 2GBs! Otherwise, this unit is an actual downgrade compared to last years model!Just look at a comparison of the two units and decide for yourself!Which one do you think looks brighter, crisper, more evenly lit... ???
So, I have two problems with this new kindle.First - The light is just too yellow in comparison to paperwhite 1 and 2 (as can be seen in the photos I'm providing). Also, the light is weaker, which makers for a not so good experience while reading in a bright lit ambient).I'm not sure if my device is simply defective or if this new yellowish and weaker light is by design, if it is, I don't like it and think it should probably be advertised, maybe a change name to kindle paperyellow?Second: The 300dpi thing is quite meh (in comparison to 212 and even 167 of the pw1), I mean, is it better? Yes, I guess it is but - Will it make much of a difference? Well, maybe if you read using the largest setting, but even then just a small difference... Oh, also bookerly, it is a nice typeset, but I still prefer Caecilia and Palatino... A matter of taste, I know... Still, not much of a thing having this new typeset, even if one prefers it... Btw, why can't we just side-load our favored typesets as is some other brads reading devices? That would be an improvement.And what I like about it? Well, the same I did like about the previous devices, it is still a good ereader and I could probably get used to it, but I still prefer the previous version, both one and two, in my opinion, make for a better overall reading experience.The photos. They are, from left to right, Paperwhite 1, Paperwhite 3 (the current version), and Paperwhite 2.
I broke my beloved kindle that I had for 4-5 years.  So fear naught, I ordered the newest one.Let's start off with the good points...The lighted screen is really a plus.  You can vary the light to meet your current conditions.Touching a word and having a dictionary and wikipedia pop up is very nice.The increased screen resolution was exceptionally nice.And now for the downside(s):The older kindle had a rough, almost rubberized case.  It didn't slip, you had a good grip on the thing and didn't worry about it slipping through your fingers and on to the floor.  This new one has a polished, hard-plastic case, read that it slips in my old fingers.When it slips, you grab hold of it.  When you grab hold of it, especially on the sides, it blindly launches your reading page into oblivion.  You then get to find back where you left off.  Very annoying.Touching a word to get the dictionary, as I mentioned, is great.  Except when it selects the whole sentence.  That defeats the whole idea behind the dictionary as now you've highlighted that sentence.  Annoying but something I can live with.  Still, you would think that someone would have a better way to deal with this.The web page for this goes into great detail about the features.  In true marketing fashion, they don't tell you they've left out anything audio.  No more text to speech, no more playing audio books.  After looking at other kindle models, that's been gone for a while.The first two problems, while a major annoyance, I can live with.  Losing two important features, that was the show stopper.So now I had to make a decision.  Keep this thing and live with it or plunk down and buy the tablet.  If I wanted a tablet, I would buy the tablet.  So in order to get the audio features, I now have to take the charging stuff with me and Mr. Tablet has to constantly be friends with Mr. Charger.  The whole idea behind a Kindle was the screen and the long battery life.  I neither want nor need all the crap that goes with a tablet, but that's the only way I'm going to play an Audible audio book....I just can't justify the cost of this thing without the features I want.  Who takes features OUT of a product with newer models?Hence I returned it and I'll try the stinking tablet.  If, as i suspect, I can't stand that either, have no idea where/what I'm going to do.Thanks Amazon.
Much better than reading on my Kindle Fire HD 8.I've had a series of Kindle Fires that I use constantly, including reading my Kindle Books. However, recently, I've found that my eyes get very tired when reading from the Fire. Enter the Kindle Paperwhite . . .Things I like:1. Fantastic screen. Very low glare. Frontlighting makes a huge difference in eye-strain! Adjustable frontlighting makes is work in total darkness or bright sunlight.2. Light weight. Lighter than my fire and even lighter than many paperback books. This means it doesn't hurt as bad when I drop it on my face when I fall asleep. Just as embarrassing, however.3. Fewer interruptions! I get notifications constantly on my Fire. What it's great to keep in touch and up-to-date, it doesn't make for quiet reading.4. I can read in daylight!!!!! My Fire is too hard to read in the sun. Give me a pair of dark readers and I'm all set.Things I don't like:1. Touch response is slow. I'm used to a much more responsive tablet but then, for a reader, it works well.2. Some things just look better in color! Then, of course, I have my Fire.3. Can't magnify drawings in documents. I never realized how often I blow up pictures and tables in my documents I read on my Fires. I read technical publications which have tables, charts, etc.What I would love to see:1. Make it compatible with Audible files! I have Kindle books with matching Audible files which I can use to read and listen simultaneously. Can't do that with the Paperwhite.General:The battery life is great, but since I tend to keep my Kindles on chargers when they aren't being used, that isn't such a big deal for me.Is it worth buying a dedicated e-reader if you have a Kindle Fire? I'd say yes, if you can afford it. If it's out of your budget, just rest your eyes more often when reading.
Let me start my review off by saying, I use to be one of those people who thought that I could never switch from an actual book in my hands to and E reader. Paying for an E book when I could get the actual book copy in my hands instead? Psh, no way. Well eventually I realized that with reading books, I would sometimes read so many books in a month and other months I would hardly read any if not any at all, due to my lack of time of going to the book store, lets face it, its fun to go to bookstores but sometimes you just want to lay in bed, not leave, and have the book delivered to you. Then one night I got to thinking, after really falling off and stopping my reading. Maybe I should try an E reader? Best decision I ever made and Ill tell you why...1. Books can get heavy, lets face it. The bigger the book, the harder and more frustrating it can be to get into a comfortable position before youre moving around again in bed trying to lay down and hold it above your head and enjoy the story at the same time.2. The comfort of being able to buy a book whenever you want. 2 am and you want to start a new series? No problem. No makeup and dont feel like getting dressed, or men... dont feel like taking a shower and leaving the house? No problem. Its so much more convenient and practical.3. It makes reading SO MUCH EASIER. Even down the page turning. You can flip the pages quicker on a kindle than you can a book. I fly through books now that I have my kindle. I read books 3 times as fast as what I use to be able to. Its improved my reading speed so much.I am very happy with my kindle paper white and the only reason Im upset is that I didnt buy one sooner.
I've always been a hardback kind of guy. Never thought I'd own a digital reader. Lately, I've been doing research & didn't feel the need to own these extra books in shelf-cluttering hardback format, so I bought the new Kindle Paperwhite. It's easy to use, has incredibly long battery life, and its built-in features (dictionary, character summaries, & vocabulary builder) are very helpful. While I'll still buy hardback first editions of Stephen King & Anne Rice, I may start using my new Kindle for random authors and books I don't feel a need to collect, as well as any research I may do in the future. The prices are considerably less through the Kindle Store & download is fasteven over the free 3G, which I recommend to everyone who's looking at getting the Paperwhite; when you finish a book & need a new one while laying out on the beach, the free 3G can be a lifesaver.
This is so much better than I expected. I purchased this for my 7-year old daughter because she has reached a reading level where she wants to read more complex books, but still struggles with larger words. The dictionary feature is amazing because she can just click on the word and the definition is immediately available. She has no problem navigating through it and she loves watching how far along she is with the percentage tracker.The size is really convenient. It's fits great in the hand and very light. The text is adjustable and it's slim for easy carrying in a purse or small bag. The back light is really bright and makes reading in the dark fantastic without become overwhelmingly bright or bliding. I love the highlight function because I can look up quotes that I need for my school papers and search specific words that I need when I'm tracking page numbers and themes.The parent controls are great because I can turn off access to the kindle store and the internet so I never have to worry about accidental purchases and browsing on different profiles. I can create reading lists for my daughter and her reading is time, which makes it so easy for her to keep track of her minutes for her summer reading club. She really enjoys it and its so much better than a regular tablet that has way to many distractions like games and netflix. We each have our own profile and separate libraries, keeping her from reading anything age inappropriate.The actual kindle looks brand new and I its always nice to save a little money where you can. Especially, when a child will have access to it. I am actually thinking of getting another one just for myself because I love it so much that it's totally worth it to have two. The only problem I have with it, is the kindle unlimited limitations of 10 books. I hate having to delete books just to have access to another one because my daughter's books are smaller and quicker to read so I run the risk of having to delete the longer books I'm reading to give her access to new books and its a pain in the butt. But that's not related to the actual device or its quality. I've had it for about a week and I haven't had to charge it while its being used between the two of us.I really like the suggestions that it has on the homescreen. There's a short discription and its rating. I highly reccommend it. Its been a great transition from reading on my iPhone using the kindle app.Note: Disregard my daughter's greasy finger prints. I asked her to take it out of its case and thats what I got in return.
I really loved the Kindle Paperwhite when I first bought and started using it in Feb. 2016.. The Kindle was very convenient and so easy to read on and I was able to read outside in the sun.  But after one year and 3 months (as of date) the charger quit working.  It will not charge.  So it is basically worthless after a year and 3 months (warranty is for a year).  I am really disappointed in Amazon and the quality of their Kindle product. I would suggest spending a little more and getting a reader from another company that is better quality and will last longer than a year and 3 months. That is what I am going to do.
God, this brand-new Paperwhite is awful!The touchscreen response is slow and terrible to boot. I punch choices on-screen and get zippo action time after time; no response, no error message, nothing. I power off to reboot in desperation; I usually wind up right where I started, nowhere.I now have a replacement unit that was sent to me two days after CS and I established that the original touchscreen was defective on day one.I wanted this to work. Yeah, new things can be difficult sometimes and I know that. So what? Been there, done that.I've been a good low-maintenance Amazon customer since 1993. I'm actually ready to send this the hell back. I'm not going to call them or post to them again.  If Amazon sees this and comes back to me with a response that works out, good. I really want this to work. If Amazon does not respond, I'll know where I stand. Amazon will make it simple, either way.FEU.5/8/17I wrote earlier as above.They did not get back to me. Days later, no response.As long as I stay in one book and flip, everything works OK. I love it - I want to learn and like it.Any user movement inside the Kindle user interface is awful, period. Intuitive selections I make within the user interface may or may not work; responsive feedback is not given by given the Kindle. It just sits there and if you press often enough and hard enough, it may respond -or not. Every user choice is limited to only Amazon corporate choices to sell more services. Certainly not to assist the customer!I've been a been a low-maintenance paying customer for Amazon since 1993 via online and have purchased many, many products; I've recently become a Prime Member and I'm very happy with that.I've told Amazon I don't like my Kindle operation interface before now and have asked, politely, for a response on how Amazon can make it better than a kludge. I ask now, again, for a response.I want this to work. Barring a constructive response, it goes back in the box tomorrow morning. I'm either a valuable money-making customer or I'm not. Amazon will decide which. I can live with either choice.
I am not sure if I said any of this in my video.  But, I believe Amazon says this thing can hold 1100 books.  That is another reason I did not get the one with which I can download a book at any time.  I dont know when I would ever exist, when I could not either ruse my home internet, my phone or local free wifi to download a book.I was kind of annoyed when I got this.  I had to get a charger.  So I thought.  You CAN charge this with the USB cable.  As long as your computer has a USB that is up to date, you can charge the device.  If you travel, I would think you would have a laptop with you.  Thus you could charge the thing with that.  But, I am happy I got the charger.  If I want to charge while I am sleeping, I turn my Mac off at night, so I can charge this thing and leave the computer off.I may have said this as well.  E ink screens require no power to keep stuff on the screen.  The only time they use power is when you are changing the screen.  So, even though this has something on the screen all the time, your battery will not suffer.I choose to get the version without the ads.  I still see things for different books on the screen.  But, I like that.  I am not sure what the ads on this thing are.  But, I do not have to worry because I paid to keep them off.I have added some pictures.  I took them at about 11:30pm with no other light on in my room.  I will add more taken outside tomorrow.Alright, outside picture added.
My content will not download from the Kindle Store and remains in QUEUED status for days until I cancel the downloads. Have contacted customer service multiple times and have searched for a solution online. Multiple resets and syncings performed. Apparently this is a known issue with the Paperwhites, but Amazon doesn't presently have a solution. How convenient that the "special offers" are able to sync just fine. It's just my paid content that doesn't make it through.Nothing like being sold a product that doesn't act a advertised. This is very disappointing considering Amazon is usually very attentive to their customers. Will happily change my review to reflect the fixed product once a solution is found.
The hardware MAY be a fine thing but the software is (fill in a string of 10-30 unprintable words here).  Gold-plated pain in my rump.  I loved the software on the Kindle Touch.  I loved the idea of the Paperwhite - reading in bed in the dark - a dream f my childhood.  Let down badly - functional COLLECTIONS were gone.  Now on this "NEW AND IMPROVED" Paperwhite is even worse.  You CAN have collections of  sort If and ONLY if you do it on heir cloud.  I don't want to depend on a cloud.  I want to be 4,000 miles from anywhere and carry all my books - IN COLLECTIONS with me.  Not every book or document on my Kindle is from Amazon - therefore it can not be in a collection.  From somewhere it shoved the titles of everything it could find onto the new Kindle - not the actual document just menu listings and about 50 of them are things I've never heard of.  They don't go away.  Books that are on there -  I know I put them there and read them can't be found now.  I'm buying a NOOK from Barnes & Noble and a KOBO.  Amazon had a great idea with the Kindle, the Kindle Touch and then they messed with it.  There was no reason to take away collections from the software just to add a reading light.  I'm so angry with this new kindle that even if they waved a magic wand and it suddenly did everything it should, I have been so frustrated and angry since it got it that I will never forget or forgive.  They have lost my trust.  I had to buy a new kindle since the solder on the power connector by which the kindle is charged and load by USB has come loose.  I wanted a replacement in in hand before I disassembled the other one to attempt solder repair -- it seems to be a COMMON PROBLEM.  Designed to break.
I have bought about 4 Kindle's in the past year. 2 Paperwhite and 2 Kindle. I absolutely love these and I think that as far as the majority of Amazon's products go, this is the one that they have to a T no one else can compete with. (I do have a Fire TV Stick which is also pretty awesome!) I bought the first one for myself, and let my sister try it out. Let's just say I ended up having to buy myself a new one because I couldn't get that one back :) Then I bought 2 of the original Kindles when they were on sale as Christmas gifts for friends. This is one of those things that if you are thinking about buying it, I would say do it! You won't regret it.**FEATURES**-It's light and compact, so very easy to carry. I carry it in my purse, everywhere.-Battery is awesome, I can go several weeks depending on how often I read/how much of the back light I use, which is pretty handy especially when you are used to having to charge your phone/tablet/fitbit fairly often so if anything it makes it feel like even longer between charges.-E-Ink is where it's at. In fact, I don't know why anybody would read on anything else (tablet/phone) because this doesn't strain your eyes and doesn't have a glare. Won't give you a headache for staring at the screen for hours.-Xray, highlighting, bookmarks, etc. are all super handy when you see a quote you like, or if you are using it for school in any way. I love being able to lookup words I don't know.-Saved spot where left off is nice, because you could read multiple books and it will remember where you left off on whichever book.-Adjusting the text size and type is nice, I like to use the smallest set format but can make it bigger if I am trying to show something to someone or that day I am wanting bigger font.-% of the book you are through and mins until finished with the chapter are nice, a good way to see the progress you are making throughout the book and how much you have left.*WIFI/3G*I don't see a point in getting the 3G option. All of us are around WiFi at some point and can use that moment to download new books, More than that, leaving the WiFi on drains the battery so unless I am getting a new book or something I keep mine in airplane mode anyway!*ADS/SPECIAL OFFERS**Seriously, They are not even noticeable for the most part. They only really show on the locked screen (like a screen saver, see picture) which you don't look at unless you are about to unlock and read! They are also on the bottom of your 'bookshelf  area when you are scrolling through books but nowhere to be found when you read an actual book. In my opinion not worth the money to get rid of because they really are minimal and not a nuisance, but if you do buy it and find that you can't stand it, all you have to do is hop online and pay the extra $20 to get rid of the ads.**KINDLE STORE*I love that the books are easy to buy and download, instantly. Almost too easy (My poor wallet! Haha.) There are so many books to choose from, and if you have Kindle Unlimited you have many choices to read in between buying new books if you read as much as I do. True, Kindle Unlimited doesn't have as QUALITY of a selection but there are good ones out there, Such as the entire Harry Potter series :)**CASES**I bought the cases Amazon has for the Paperwhite and I love those because they hold your kindle snug without the need of straps on the front holding it in and looking unsightly. I would also say it's much more sturdy than a case that has straps to hold it on the corners. It's a sturdy case perfect for the Kindle and appealing visually. Though it is a bit pricey at ($40) compared to other cases, I think it is well worth the money.
This is my first Kindle (or similiar reader),  so I have nothing to compare it to. I am absolutely LOVING it! At the beach now, and it's so easy to read! I have not adjusted the light once since receiving it - I've read in bright outdoors, on a plane, home lighting and in a dark room. It is so lightweight and great for travel! I also bought the case - it snaps in easy and holds very tight. Easy on/off by opening and closing case plus cover folds back flat against Kindle for easy hold.  Perfect to carry anytime, anywhere! I recommend this one!
I really love this light weight, bright, and cute Kindle. It's small, easy to carry (I can hold it with two fingers ), and I can store it in my purses no problem. Before I used to own a 2nd generation Kindle Keyboard E-reader, which lasted me 8 years before giving up. It made me love and trust in Amazon Kindle e-readers, so I went ahead and got a new one, the Kindle Paperwhite.This product comes in a plastic bag in the box with a certified packaging tape to let you know if it's new or ever been opened. In the box I got the Kindle Paperwhite, a USB cable, and a product information page (power adapter not included).To get started you just plug in the cable to a computer or a power adapter, and either let it charge or turn it on and start using it. I let mine charge; charging takes about 4 hours.  After charging I registered it, now mine is only WiFi capable but I have WiFi at home so there was no problem, it was easy, and it helped me sync my old books into this new device fast. It's complete touchscreen technology, only button on this device is the power button on the bottom next to the charging area. I learned to use it fast though, because it offers a quick tutorial on startup. (If you need help learning to use it, you could also do a google search and see some of the video's there.)Now while I tend to love/prefer shopping on Amazon.com, I got this device at a Best Buy store instead. There were a few plus' to getting it at Best Buy. Some being that I was able to see it, test it, and get it the same day. Another being that it really helped me decide between the Kindle E-Reader and the Kindle Paperwhite. Both readers generally feel, look, and have the same touch-screen availabilities (very minor differences), but the Paperwhite won because of the built-in light and I tend to like reading in bed at night. What I did get from Amazon.com was the cover, because you can get one here at a much better price and with more design options.OH! and if you get your Kindle at Best Buy too, don't let them fool you into getting a warrenty, because Amazon offers a One-Year Limited Warranty anyway.Well, ok good luck to you who are considering getting a Kindle. I hope this description was helpful.
I received my Kindle Paperwhite bundle today and just submitted a return request.  I had been thinking about buying a Paperwhite for sometime so when I saw the sale, it seemed like the perfect time to buy.  I had expected crisp black text on pristine white "pages" but when I turned it on, the screen appeared a dull grayish/off-white color and the text looked blurry and gray.  Other reviews mentioned the poor contrast and I can attest to the same issue.  The lighting is also uneven, with brighter light up top and shadows at the bottom.  I also had issues with light leakage/bright pixels and dust under the screen.  Finally, I didn't care for how the pages flicker; sometimes it's just one page to the next and sometimes the whole page flickers black to white.  The lack of consistency is annoying and I'm not sure I could get used to that.  The product isn't terrible if the convenience of an e-reader outweighs the space/weight of real books.  But for someone who reads hours a day, the screen issues are just not worth the eye strain.  I was so looking forward to my new Kindle but I guess it's back to the library.  Sigh...
I'm upgrading from a 4th generation Kindle, so this is a big change for me.  The battery in my 5 year old Kindle is starting to go - I have to charge almost daily.  I wanted a backlight and cleaner text, and this has it. Crisp, clean text, nice backlight (brighter at the edges.) Decently thin, but still thicker than I expected. Example - it's at least twice as thick as my 8" Samsung Tab2.The first time I used the Paperwhite I noticed a couple of defects in the plastic face- these caused a constant, very bright glow when the backlight was on - obviously dimples in the underside of the plastic that caught and magnified the light.  Plus there were black specks on the screen - dirt between the clear plastic face and screen. I think the one I received was skipped by quality control. Returning it for an exchange was a BIG deal. Took over an hour on chat and three different people before they agreed to an exchange. It was not the typical Amazon return procedure or policy.  Had I not already purchased a case I may have gone with a different model, but that was not an option I was offered. So be forewarned - returns on Kindles are neither simple or easy.
Got this as a birthday gift from my husband because a Stephen King book he gave me last year was killing my wrists.  LOVE IT.  Easy to set up just charge it up and follow the directions on the screen, it is not a complicated device.  I located my ebook (also a gift) that came in an email. Clicked download.  It appeared like magic in my kindle.  I finished that book so fast; I realized I had forgotten how happy reading made me.READABILITY - With adjustable light intensity, page width, spacing between lines, letter size and typeface, I have been very comfortable reading in any light and position.  I have an eye muscle dysfunction and was very appreciative of these features.  After about two weeks I was able to decrease the line spacing and letter size to decrease the frequency of page turning.  When pages are turned there is a flicker which is a bit of a bother, but I looked it up and it is normal.AD FREE - I would have tolerated ads, but I tend to be inaccurate on my cell and tablet. My husband made the extra investment to avoid hearing my exasperated sighs and groans I think, a wise investment.  Basically it was the cost of a night at the movies for us and will last much longer.BATTERY - I have had it nearly a month, read about 2500 pages, took it on vacation for 10 days and haven't needed to charge it yet.MULTIPLE DEVICES - Kindle syncs across my two iPads as well which is handy in oh so many ways.  My oldest one stays in a certain necessary  place and now I can just pick up where I left off instead playing a mindless game. How cool is that?  I find my iPads a bit cumbersome for books, but if I already have it with me I can leave the kindle home.FAMILY SHARING - I handed my Kindle to my husband and he could link his Amazon account to mine.  Now he has the same benefits using the Kindle App. that is built in to his iPad.  We can share or not share each-others books as we choose. We haven't explored all the benefits and choices yet with Amazon Prime such as borrowing.LOCAL LIBRARY - My local library was next.  That was a little tricky (not Amazon's fault) but Amazon has a great help section in the Kindle drop downs.  A call to my library and I was all set. Finished that book too.  My particular library uses a service called Overdrive for delivery and the librarian stayed on the phone to walk me through it.HINT :  Return ebook library books here on Amazon under Your Account. Click  "Manage Your Content And Devices".For a grown woman who didn't think she needed yet another device, this compact kindle is a hit.  Put it on your wish list!
I love much about my new Kindle but I can't seem to get it to correctly download my stuff. On my old Kindle I have 12 collections but only 9 on the new one. And some of the collections are missing books, though all my books are there when I go to list content by books instead of by collection. Also, the new "home" page is a step away from the listing of books or collections which I find annoying. And I have not found answers to the problems on Kindle support pages (which, BTW, I had a devil of a time finding on Amazon.com). On the plus side it is easy to change font style and size, brightness, an many other features. I love reading at night without turning on a light an disturbing my husband's sleep. The print is clear and easy to read. So--bottom line, the Paperwhite is GREAT! But the way Amazon has set up the software/support/organization of the new Kindle to be less-than-satisfactory.
My original kindle was more than 5 years old and had over 1000 books on it when it finally crashed.i had 2 nook books prior to that Kindle.  I went back and forth on which to get, and Im so glad I got the paperwhite. I like the screen. It doesnt hurt my eyes and reads like a book. You can use it in any light condition and there is no glare. Its extremely responsive and I absolutely love the backlit screen feature. No more listening to my husband complain and tell me to turn the light off when we are in bed. Yay! Happy hubby, and I can read even longer! Id count that as a win/ win! :)
This has got to be one of my favorite purchases so far! Definitely worth the $. For those people who read a lot and are thinking of purchasing just the Kindle, I'd recommend to shell out extra bucks for this Paperwhite. If you've never owned a Kindle and still thinking of buying one this might actually help you read more. I've finished a lot of books in a short span of time because of the convenience of not needing proper light and the handiness of this. I like to take it everywhere with me and read whenever I have to wait for something. Plus if you're like me and sometimes takes pauses to jump from one book to another, having a variety of books to choose from right there in your hands is just perfect.
After reading many conflicting reviews about the Paperwhite lighting, I've decided to contribute my own review. I've waited years to try the Paperwhite, hoping that during that time, Amazon would improve on the lighting issues that the first Paperwhite had (shadowing at the bottom of the screen). This is my second Kindle, my first being the 5th Gen Kindle with the navigation buttons.When I received the Paperwhite, I was initially quite impressed with it, until I noticed that the lighting was uneven. The bottom right corner of the screen had a light that was "outperforming" the other three, causing that quadrant to be brighter than the rest of the screen. I kept telling myself it was a small issue, but in the end I couldn't overlook it and had to request for an exchange. Mind you, Amazon does not make this process easy for Kindles. I first had an chat with the Customer Service online, got transferred twice and had to explain the problems repeatedly and go through the steps they wanted me to try. Finally, they approved the replacement and assured me the order was put in for me and I would receive an email about it in 24 hours. 24 hours passed and I did not get an update, so I phoned in this time and the representative checked and saw that the replacement order was never put in, and that he would do so for me on the spot. I usually have great experiences with Amazon's Customer Service, so this was a bit surprising for me.The second Paperwhite arrived, and I eagerly tested it out. This one seemed to have even lighting but looked rather different for some reason, so I put it next to the first Paperwhite and was rather shocked to see that the lighting was really different. The first Paperwhite was "whiter" and the second had a warmer tone (see photos). They were both equally bright, and while I was initially disappointed, I realized that the "whiter" light was actually blue light, which is actually more strenuous on the eyes. The warm tone of the second Paperwhite made the light feel less noticeable and more natural. Not wanting to go through the hassle of another replacement, I returned the first Paperwhite and stuck with the warm tone Paperwhite, which I'm really satisfied with! You will not notice how white (or not white) it is, unless you have something to compare it to.Backlight review:They still haven't fully fixed the evenness of the lighting at the bottom of the screen - you can still see little shadows cast by the lights, but it is not too noticeable unless you want to be really picky about it - but you don't really read anything that low on the screen at night, do you? If this is an issue for you, I'd recommend the Voyage, which seems to have rectified that but for a much higher price. Other than that, I've found the lighting to be a great feature and I love being able to read in the dark or dim light. It has 24 levels of light, but to be honest, I never go above 12. Also I've noticed that if you dim the settings below 1 (supposedly to turn the light off at 0), the screen is still very faintly lit - this is actually pretty helpful in the dark because it is lit just enough for me to find the navigation tool to turn the lighting up. Not sure how much battery drain this causes, but it can't be much at this low level. Just thought I'd point it out that there is no actual way to turn off the back light without putting your Kindle in standby mode.Navigation review:I've found the navigation to be easy, although I understand not everyone feels this way. The touch screen is of course a great convenience over the 5th Gen Kindle navigation buttons. Downloading my books off the cloud storage was easy enough. The only annoyance I have is that the menu now shows all items regardless of whether they are in a collection or not. In the older Kindles, books placed in a collection are taken off the list and show up when you enter their collection folder... Similar to how you sort files into folders on your computer. This new sorting feature just made things more cluttered to me, even though you can sort it to show only collections, but it won't show books that aren't in a collection. I hope they release an update that restores the older organization methods.Usability review:The touch screen is matte, so finger prints are not a problem, and I guess it makes it feel more like a book page if you swipe it instead of tapping it. It is quite sensitive most of the time, and I've not had an issue with this aspect. The only gripe I have is that I miss the page turning buttons of my old Kindle, and I wish they included them with the newer generation Kindles. Touch navigation is great, but the page turning buttons allow you to hold the Kindle with one hand and flip the pages with much more ease than having to touch the screen. The Voyage has page turning sensors that function like buttons, but it's honestly not the same. For this reason, I found it very hard to give up my older Kindle - I just love having it as a backup for when I get frustrated with having to use the touch screen all the time. Another issue I have is that sometimes trying to sync up my Kindles can be rather annoying. It takes a few tries of syncing before they finally update the "latest page read" location to cloud.Screen resolution:Some people say they notice the improvement in screen resolution. I honestly cannot say that I notice compared with my Kindle 5th Gen. It's a bit hard to make a fair comparison, because the Paperwhite comes with much more customizable fonts and sizes. I found that on my Kindle 5th gen, the fonts were either a little too big, or a little too small. I don't have this issue with the Paperwhite.SummaryPros:Great lightingEasy navigationNo fingerprintsSensitive touch screenBattery life is goodMany fonts and font sizesCons:Lighting issues - obviously, not all Kindles are made with the same tone of lightsBooks in the Menu are organized differently than beforeNo page turning buttonsSyncing can be slowI meant to write this review to address the mainly the lighting issues, but decided to make it more substantial. Still, if you've received a "yellow" Kindle, I'd recommend not to just give up on it because it doesn't look "white". Warm light is actually better for your eyes. I may not have the paper white (which no paperback is 100% white) Kindle as advertised, but I do love the warm tone of my Paperwhite.
I have a 2nd gen Paperwhite that I've used for years and has been great. I ordered the newest Paperwhite, and it had dark spots/smudges at the bottom of the screen. I returned it for another which had similar spots, plus a yellowish tint that got more noticeable further up the screen. I didn't bother trying for another replacement, I just returned it.So, I love my older Paperwhite, but I can't recommend the newest Paperwhite given this experience. Perhaps there was a bad batch, or I got unlucky twice.**UPDATE**I recently purchased a Kindle Voyage, thinking that perhaps the 6 leds (vs Paperwhite's 4 leds) would results in more even backlighting. Nope. The yellowish tint was still there, and it was also there on the replacement Voyage I ordered. Lots of reviewers indicate the same problem (quality assurance anyone?) and while it may not bother some, for me it can be a real distraction. Particularly when turning pages and going from looking at the good backlit portion of the screen (bottom) to the yellow backlit portion of the screen (top).I'm sure Amazon is aware of this problem, but apparently it's not a big enough issue, or not enough people have noticed/complained about it, to warrant them doing anything about it.
Bought a kindle so I would have something to do while on a road trip.  However, Amazon decided to send me a unit with outdated firmware that I had to update manually.  Further exasperating that issue, after performing the update and attempting to register the device with my account I received an remarkably indescriptive error message from the Kindle - "internal-error".  I spent a few hours with Amazon support trying to get the Kindle to work, in which time they made me change my Amazon password when that was clearly not the issue, restart the device, reset it to factory specifications, talk to four different people and wait wait wait....They finally concluded that the Kindle was in fact broken out of the box and offered to send me a new one.  However, since they wasted hours of time trying to diagnose the issue the replacement would not arrive until after I left for my trip.
I purchased my Kindle Paperwhite through Best buy, and after 4 exchanges it keeps the same yellowish / sepia screen compare to the demo in Best buy store although it was set at maximum light setting and same room condition. I also talked with a sale association in the Valley Fair mall where there is a small booth of Amazon store, and he said the new batch come with the yellowish screen based on "Customer's favor". And I wonder why they still put a "white screen" demo and sale a "yellowish screen" to customers? Is it a lie about the quality? Below is the picture I took at Best buy store, left has a cable was the demo, and right was the 3rd exchange. Honestly, I'm really disappointed and lose my patient with this product.
* It's been months since I bought the higher resolution Kindle Paperwhite (300 ppi) directly from Amazon.  What you need to know, however, is something that may or may not bother you.  (In the end, it did not bother me.)  A number of Kindle Paperwhites have cloudiness, uneven toning and smudging - visible along the bottom edge of the reading screen.  If you scan through past reviews, you'll see that other customers have written about this since 2015.* (See attached photos.)* This is a back-lighting anomaly that was not seen on previous generations of the Paperwhite at lower resolutions.  Rather than hassle with a return, I just kept it and tolerated the "cloudiness" along the bottom edge - which is noticeable in darker rooms.  It does NOT appear at all - under brighter lighting conditions.  The upside is this Paperwhite has double the storage of the previous generations, e.g., it holds more books.  So the trade off in storage vs. the toning issue was an easy call.  I've "settled" on the latest generation of the Paperwhite - because it's still the best available e-reader for people unsure about chasing the Kindle Voyager or the Kindle Oasis - advanced readers which are priced higher.* I found this explanation about the "cloudiness" issue posted here at Amazon by the "Desert Rat" on 4 July 2015.  He wrote, "To allow the Paperwhite to be read in the dark unlike the basic Kindle, Amazon placed 4 small LED lights at the bottom of the screen which shine up the e-Ink display which then reflects light from the screen to your eyes. If you tilt the top of the Kindle towards you in a darkened room and look down behind the bezel just below the screen display, you will see the lights. The space between the lights is shadowed. This can still be viewed just past the bezel."* Makes sense to me.  Just check your reading screen and if it's OK, you're good to go.  If not, see if it bothers you.  You can always exchange or return it during the return window.  All in all, the Kindle Paperwhite is still the best e-reader around at a great price-point.
My latest Kindle came loaded with 2 old reading guides and one new guide which show up and take up space on my ALL list opening page.  There is no way to delete them, according to the live Kindle help I consulted.  After I buy enough books, then the useless unwanted reading guides will be sent to the second page according to the live help representative, but impossible to delete. the live help representative gave me suggestions that only led to putting books I read a long time ago onto my opening page. The suggestion to press down  on the title does not give the option to "remove from device" .The online help is useless since it directs me to a "menu icon" which does not exist. My previous Kindle had a very simple method of removing already read books to the cloud, which is a far superior method of navigation.  I only replaced my previous Kindle because I got a notice that it needed updates, but when I followed the instructions I was directed to press a button on the "back"  and of course there is no  button on the "back".  I gave up and ordered a new Kindle .  $119 later and I got a worse product. When will technology geeks learn not to "improve" a good functioning product.  I am now trying to get my money back but AMAZON  does not believe in live American advisors.
I ordered the refurbished version of the Kindle Paperwhite and received it quickly in great condition.  I was a little surprised with how small it was, but from doing some research, it appears that the manufacturers of e readers have decided the 6" display size to be standard.  It charged fully in a few hours using another phone charger (it came with a USB cable, but no adapter plug, and my phone cable's adapter plug is permanently attached to the cable so I just used it instead).Then came the big surprise:  I bought this mostly to read PDF courses, but it doesn't handle PDF documents very well.  When displaying an entire page, the text was so tiny that it was unreadable.  After reading the online manual and watching some videos online, I tapped the "font" button, but no font choices were available.  "Pinching" two fingers away from each other on the display would enlarge the text, but it was cut off at the edges rather than wrapping to the next line below.After doing some more research, I found out that one could email the PDF document to a conversion email address for free conversion.  The converted file came back quickly via email and the Kindle automatically downloaded it.  After conversion, the text size was much improved and easily readable.  The font choices now appeared in the settings, and the text could be enlarged or made smaller.  The page numbers disappeared altogether though, and were replaced with location indicators.  These indicators were not sequential:  One page showed "loc 50" at the bottom and after swiping to the next page it showed "loc 72."  After swiping again, it seemed to jump about 100 pages into the document, but I couldn't be sure exactly since these location indicators don't seem to correspond to the original number of pages.Then I realized what a nightmare it would be to continue using this device with PDF documents.  Most contain tables and diagrams, which are lost during the conversion process.  So in order to view the table or diagram, I would need to close the open document and then open the original.  But what page would I find the table or diagram on?  It might be on page "loc 581" in the converted document, for example, but page 70 in the original document.I was explaining this to a friend, who opened a PDF document on his iPhone X.  As he enlarged the font, the words would automatically wrap to the next line.  The page count would increase of course, but the page numbers looked normal and were sequential, such as "13/580."  I was surprised that a smartphone was considerably better for handling PDF documents, even though the screen is much smaller.I decided to get a Samsung Tab A 10.1" inch tablet instead, as PDF documents are easily readable in landscape mode without any document conversion.  I called Amazon to return the Kindle Paperwhite and they immediately refunded to my credit card and emailed me a prepaid return shipping label to send it back within a month.  Great customer service!  I just wish the Kindle Paperwhite had handled PDF documents better, as I liked many features of this e reader.  For pre-formatted books from Amazon, I'm sure that it's a great choice.
Amazon has some major quality control issues with the "All-New" 2015 300ppi Kindle Paperwhite. The 1st unit I received had dark areas at the bottom 1/2" of the screen. Amazon sent out a replacement. The replacement was "new", but an older unit that required a software update, had dead pixels, and had a screen that was almost a dull yellow when compared with the 1st unit, putting them side by side, I think Amazon has some major quality control issues with this product. Seems like a $120 Paperwhite e-reader should have a consistent "paperwhite" display. I may give it a 3rd try. One person wrote a recent review here saying it took four (4) tries to get a good display. Not good!UPDATE: 11/27/15I called Amazon customer support, who is always great, and asked to return my 2nd Kindle 2015 300 ppi Paperwhite - the 1st exchange was easily done by a regular Amazon customer support supervisor and took about 10 minutes. The Amazon Prime customer support rep I spoke with today told me I must call a special number for a Kindle exchange. After 52 minutes of off-shored alleged customer support from the Kindle group, I'm not sure they, Kindle tech support, ever really understood the problem with my defective device - kinda' a language barrier thing. My 3rd Kindle was also defective. However, I did get a U.S. based Kindle support rep on 11/29/15 who was very helpful, but Kindle build quality is a poor reflection on Amazon. I love Amazon, but Kindle is another matter!UPDATE: 12/05/15Finally, my 4th Kindle Paperwhite is great! It lives up to its many five-star Amazon reviews. It really should not take four (4) tries to get a good unit, but I stuck it out and Amazon support stayed with me all the way to finally get a good Kindle Paperwhite device. Based on the fact that I now know obtaining a great Kindle Paperwhite is possible, and based on the way Amazon support stayed with me, I'm upgrading my review to three stars.
My wife and I own five readers or fire devices. This is the first that does not meet our expectations. It appears that the Paperwhite has a serious software problem. My Paperwhite would not update automatically, and my wife's Paperwhite has the same problem. I spoke to Amazon support and they wanted me to manually update my Paperwhite. This is not a straight forward task and is a temporary fix. I told them that I wanted a fix that would enable automatic updating. The tech had no solution to the problem and would not transfer me to the next level of support. So I returned my Paperwhite. A new Paperwhite is sold with an old version of software. Does Amazon expect the buyer to keep track of its updates? It's the update process that protects and improves your Paperwhite. Manual updates are a thing of the past! Please fix.
I've had my paperwhite just over a week and absolutely love it. It's easy on the eyes, and that's what I was looking for especially spending 8 hours a day on a computer. Swiping pages are easy. I do have a slight grey tint at the bottom of my screen when the lightings at a certain number, but it doesn't effect the reading at all. I love the size. I love how Goodreads is programmed on it. I received it all ready in my name, so I was able to read from it right away. The adds are slightly annoying, but still not enough bad enough to spend the extra money to remove them. So, I have no complaints. So glad I upgraded from my fire.Part 2:It's been about a month and I still love the paperwhite. But I dropped my review to 4 stars because of the adds. I was fine when book adds popped up, since this is an e-reader and I have added a few books to my list to read that have popped up. But an add for a razor was annoying and dumb. It has popped up more than once too.
Absolutely a wonderful reader.  I have owned a  B&N; Nook, a Kindle 'Fire' HD (now known only as a 'Fire'), and currently own a Fire HDX and a Samsung Galaxy Tab S, so I've been around the block a few times in terms of small tablets/e-readers.  But I must say that although all of these aforementioned tablets can do the job of an e-reader, they weren't true e-readers, and I found myself being slightly jealous of some of the capabilities afforded by a Paperwhite.  Fires/Tablets have their advantages, but the one they don't have is the ability to last weeks without charging the batteries, and their screens aren't optimized for reading.  So, I finally acknowledged that fact and looked into getting a true e-reader.  Then I learned that Amazon was releasing a new Paperwhite with sharper resolution (as sharp as the recently released Voyage, which was already receiving rave reviews from critics).  I reviewed the rest of the pre-release specs and knew this was the only choice for me.  Yes, there are other e-readers on the market, but none had this resolution AND access to the formidable library of Amazon books.  The caveat I'd like to make clear is that this is a no-brainer if you're already an Amazon Prime member and/or already possess a lot of books purchased through Amazon, which I did prior to pre-ordering the Paperwhite.Two weeks later, my Paperwhite arrived (two days prior to the 'release' date) and I opened it with great anticipation.  The front screen was covered with a black and white picture of some artistic work that I had to peel off.  -But then I realized that the Paperwhite was 'on' and what I was seeing was the actual screen in its off mode!  It looked so realistic that it fooled me.  And that's a great hint regarding how sharp the display truly is.  I immediately switched it on and went through the setup process, which is really a no-brainer if you've been through a few of them before.  And even I you haven't, just follow the directions.  You'll be OK.I downloaded much of the content I already owned and have already read a couple of books.  As I said, the display is simply awesome.  you really cant discern (or at least, I can't) any pixels whatsoever.  The letters and numbers are extremely sharp and crystal clear.  However, the true blessing of the all-new Paperwhite is the ability to read in direct sunlight.  Unlike my Fire HDX, I never have to worry about sitting in a dark place to be able to read a book. Now I can actually sit on the sunny side while riding the metro and I don't have to shift around when the sun hits the screen.  Sure, some things take some getting used to.  For one thing, the Paperwhite cannot play games or surf the web like a Fire or other tablet, but then again, you don't need to charge it every day either.I now have the best of both worlds.  When I'm reading books, the new Paperwhite is the place to go.  But when I'm playing games or surfing the web, I'll reach for my Fire.  They're both excellent machines and I have them in my bag every day when I leave for work.  Is this new Paperwhite a worthy upgrade to the original Paperwhite?  I dunno.  I suppose that's up to you to answer.  I know that the screen resolution was already fairly nice on that machine, so my hunch is that you'd have to carefully weigh the pros and cons to decide whether its worth it to upgrade.  But for me, this is my first true e-reader (vice the Fire HDX, which is essentially a tablet with reader software onboard), so it was definitely worth the cost.  If you're been thinking about getting an e-reader, the new Paperwhite is definitely a no-brainer.  Just get it.  This new Paperwhite is an absolute steal and I wouldn't hesitate to recommend it to anyone looking for a serious e-reader.
Ordered my 2nd paperwhite in the white color, which I really like. Also love the paperwhite. However, after receiving 3 (original and 2 replacements), I sent them all back. There is an uneven gray shadow at the bottom of the screen on every single one of them and every one is a different shade altogether, ranging from bluish to tanish.I had the same problem with my first paperwhite (2nd version) and finally got one I could live with.Since the paperwhite has been around for 4 (?) years, I would expect that would have ironed out these screen issue problems. Don't they had any quality control? You can bet that Jeff Bezos doesn't have any shading on his screen!I checked the reviews on the voyage and people are having problems with screen shading on those as well.Hope my current paperwhite lasts a long time so I don't have to go through this again.
I like it as well as the other Kindle Paperwhite E-readers purchased, although it took some getting used to to personalize it.  Amazon offered this on a no interest payment plan, so I couldn't resist replacing my other one that had started to get funky and erratic in displaying stories on the screen. I got the white one, but now that I've owned both the black and the white, I realize I prefer the black color over the white. It seems easier to read with a black boundary to me.  My eyes are 70 years old now, and need all the help they can get to focus, so that's just my personal preference.  I love the ability to make the text size larger and the dimmer/brighter light background is helpful for reading at night.  Shuts off by itself if I fall asleep, and that's a good thing. lol
The most importantly, it is very easy with my eyes.My eyes are comportable while i am reading.Handy size so i can carry in my small bag with me and it is so light so i can read books When i lay in my bed.It does not hurt my wrist.It surprised me that it was automatically registered already. I don't know it was good  or not but inconvenience for future when i wont use this anymore and i want to give this to someone later.And,When i tap ! It blinks totally black and white. The transition!I have no idea how to explain this scene but this interrupts me and bothers me.I thought it was something wrong with my kindle paperwhite. In fact, i watched some Youtube videoes and they showed same thing while they were reviewing about kindle, i found out it was normal thing.Anyway, thank you for fast delivery cost for $12.99!I couldnt wait for couples weeks for getting this so i rather paid for fast shipping lol lolAnd i paid $20 more cuz i dod not want any Ads appear on my kindle so i got without special offer and i think it was right choice!
The paperweight is OK, but not as good as its predecessors.  It lacks several things I was used to, starting with the "Transfer my Kindle Content."  Instead I was forced to go through the contents of both my old Kindle and my wife's Kindles, and mark each book for transfer, to MY LIBRARY.  The resulting items could not be arranged.  I like to read two or three books at a time, skipping from one to another.  With my old Kindle, this was easy, since HOME brought up a list, arranged by last opened, to select from.  Each would open to the last page read.  Now, it is necessary to go first to HOME, then to  LIBRARY,  then to SEARCH, mark the one I want, then go to GO TO, which does not have last page read as an option.  VERY CUMBERSOME.  Underlining is now done by dragging a finger over the desired text, which produces very sloppy copy, often beginning or ending not where my fat finger intended. Better directions might provide better solutions.  On a positive note, the light is nice, and the extra pixels make for clearer text.
When I bought this I did not realize that this Kindle does not have audio capability.  My old Kindle does and I love it for audio books.  My old Kindle does not have a screen light however, and this Paperwhite does.  Now if I could get a device with both it would get 5 stars.  Audio aside I am quite happy with the illuminated screen, the font choices, and the the device's light weight.  It has been a joy to use while riding the bike at the gym.The only real con here is the price (Amazon has all but eliminated the competition as far as dedicated e-readers are concerned so they can charge more for them than the Fires where the competition for customers is fierce).  The Paperwhite has only 4 GB of memory and that is not expandable unlike the less expensive Kindle Fires.  The Fires are heavier to hold and the screens are "glarier" than the Paperwhites.  But in their favor the Fires are less expensive, have expandable memories, and can be used for everything from movie watching to reading books to checking email, etc. Screen glare can be mitigated by using an anti-glare screen protector.  So why would anyone choose a Paperwhite over a Fire?  For just reading the Paperwhite is the clear winner because of it's weight, anti-glare screen and the battery life which is much longer than the Fires.All in all I am happy with the Paperwhite.  It is a nice addition to my "collection" of e-readers and tablets.  However if I had to choose and keep just one device it would be my 8 inch Kindle Fire as it is a great tablet and a very nice e-reader in one device.One last comment here.  Do not be afraid to purchase a certified refurbished Kindle of any kind.  This is my third refurbished purchase and they have all been great.
There is no argument that this is the world's best e-reader already, so the discussion is really around what version to buy, since having one should be a given.  It is far beyond any competition.  And although I LOVE the feel of a book, I have learned to love this even more, with easy word lookups, marking passages, finding relevant information and incredible lighting and reading experience for my aging eyes.  And several thousand books in a 7.2oz package is awful nice.UPDATE! Just figured something out that many people probably know already.  Was travelling in Brazil, and learning Portuguese, and stopped in a store to get a book.  They are 3x the price in the states, so I thought, "I wonder if that is on Kindle?"  Well, I am happy to say that all the Portuguese books I could ever want are on Kindle Unlimited.  But the best thing is it also automatically downloads a dictionary, so when you hold down on one of the unfamiliar words, BOOM! there is the definition, what an ideal tool to round out language study!  Loving it!  Chapter 5 of Harry Potter, here we go!DON'T HAVE A KINDLE PAPERWHITE?  If you don't have an e-reader, have a different brand e-reader, or have a Kindle that is not a paperwhite, then this version is a valuable upgrade to you.  It is light, easy to hold, simple to operate, and is the closest thing to a book 'experience' as you can get.  It is incredibly easy to read at a beach with no glare, or at night.  I use my Kindle everywhere in many conditions, and have never looked back.  The price gap, at least for the moment, is only $10 between the new Kindle PW and the previous version, so it makes sense to buy the new one.  However, keep an eye on it, and if the price drops further for the previous gen, it is not really compelling enough to spend the extra $$$ for this brand new one.ALREADY HAVE AN OLDER PAPERWHITE?  So, if you already have a paperwhite, is this 2015 upgrade worth it?Consider COST first  it is $119 w/ special offers, no 3G.  Then you add $20 if you want no special offers, and another 70 (plus about 5% extra weight) for 3G.  That extra $90 buys a lot of books!*Buy 3G? I find internet access pervasive nearly everywhere, and have not used my 3G at all.  I buy the books ahead of time, and if I actually ran out of books on a trip, it would not be unanticipated, and I would certainly have some internet access at some point.  I simply don't find the 3G to be something I need, even for a small price.*Likewise for SPECIAL OFFERS...they do not interfere with reading at all, they are pretty unobtrusive, and I have even found a couple to be of interest and have made a purchase decision from that.Then COMPARE.  I love this compared to my original paper white.  There really is no comparison, and if you have, and love, your original, this is a great upgrade.  It is lighter, crisper, has great adjustable lighting, more memory and features, it is well worth $119 to upgrade, and give the other to a family member or friend.BATTERY  life.  I started with this new Kindle PW and my old Kindle PW charged up fully.  After using each for a couple hours, I noticed no difference in the battery degradation.  Obviously this is not a scientific test, and the chance for variance is high, but Amazon says you can still get several weeks of life from this new Kindle, and I see no reason to doubt that.  Mathematically, the battery spec provided by Amazon shows a slight decrease, but I still charge my Kindle once every week or two just to make sure I don't run out, and that has always worked out just fine for me.CLARITY: If you have the 2nd generation paperwhite (late 2013): it is a more difficult choice.  Personally, I think it is worth it, but definitely not compelling if you are short on funds.  The increase in PPI from 212 to 300 is noticeable, as is the pleasant new font Bookerly. The main thing for me, however, is actually this new Bookerly font.  It is much easier to read.  I started wearing reading glasses about 6 years ago, and in comparisons with my other PW, I can read effectively at one size smaller font due to font clarity and gentle contrast on a better screen.  That may not seem like much, but I appreciate less page turning and interruptions.  YMMV.Big IF - If your eyesight depends on HIGHER CONTRAST, the new Kindle PaperWhite is actually not as bright as the last gen PW.  I have included side by side pictures to demonstrate this.  The new PW seems more like a book to me, with its nice gentle light.  In the pictures, I have used the same font, same brightness, etc., so that you can see the detail for yourself.  The new Kindle is on the right.OVERALL, this is a worthwhile upgrade for anyone who does not already have a 2nd generation PW.  If you have a 2nd generation already, it might be something you do only if the specific need is there, or if you want to give your old one away.Finally, what about the WARRANTY?  When these devices were $399 plus, maybe getting an extended warranty was worthwhile.  But with the prices continually falling, and the likelihood that one will actually fail extremely slim (I have had only one instance, and Amazon replaced it immediately), I would personally recommend against the purchase.  Seems silly to insure a $100 device that has a low failure rate, spending an extra $19 for year, or up to $39 for 3 years of extended coverage.TIPS:Do yourself a huge favor and get a case.Password protect your screen.  If someone gets your Kindle, they can spend your money and make lots of problems.SMALL UPDATE:  I have been using this to send documents to for reading, mostly PDFs.  It is functional, but if you require good reading of PDFs, then you probably won't like it that much, and you would be better off with a traditional tablet.  The issue is that the font is exceedingly small, and there is no way to expand or enlarge that I have found.  You can make the font slightly larger by entering landscape mode, but then the flow is off.  I also end up with an occasional crash of the browser.
Generally I like Kindles, however, there is one thing that I find extremely annoying about this one. Even after paying extra $20 for a Kindle without special offers I get special offers called "book recommendations" that are impossible to get rid off! How is an unsolicited recommendation to buy something is not an advertisement?  Hello Amazon-- I paid extra $20 so that I will not be harassed with solicitation to buy things when I want to read a book. Apparently this is too much to ask.
This is my second Kindle paper white. I love to read outside, by the pool or ocean. I started out saying I would never buy one, I love real books, book stores, blah, blah. Then I heard about the paperwhite, you can see it outside? I joined the club. Here is why a Kindle Paper white is why I'll never read an actual book again. Yes, you can read it in the most blinding sun. You can change the font size, no reading glasses needed. You can change the light, perfect for reading next to a sleeping spouse. Let's say a character KAREN comes back into the book, and you can't remember a Karen. You touch her name, and it gives you who she is and how she's related to the story, that's X-Ray, you can even see everywhere Karen has been mentioned so far. If you don't know the meaning of a word, touch it, and the dictionary pulls up. You NEVER lose your place, shut it off, fall asleep, your always where you left off. Not only that, it will sync with all your other devices(with apps). Waiting in the Docs office, pull up your Kindle app and read your book. It will also recommend books based on what you've read. It is my hands down favorite device. I would recommend a waterproof case. The $20.00 kind on Amazon work great. I have a Red Pepper Case. If reading is your passion, get a paperwhite!!
Wow!  Way BEYOND expectations! I'm a senior and not fluent in electronics, so was looking for easy operations, easily readable, and a decent battery life. By description, the PaperWhite was what I was looking for! Ordered on Saturday, arrived next day, SUNDAY!! Well packaged...took a couple minutes to figure out how to open Product Box! It is very thin, extremely lightweight (doesn't stress arthritic hands), smaller overall then expected, but usable screen covers entire front! Although it doesn't come with Paper User manual, the controls are kind of "instinctive" and just make sense.  It is customizable for your preferences, like screen brightness, if you want automatic dictionary, size of font, orientation of the screen, etc. I read a LOT(about 4-8 hrs a day) and had to charge my older Kindle usually nightly.  I've had my Paper White a solid week (used prob 24 hrs at least) and today plugged it in to charge! It came with a 3ft USB to Micro, high speed,  charge cord, but you will need your own adapter if you want to plug it in to regular electrical socket to charge. Empty to full charge took about 90 minutes. LOVE the backlight on it! Clear, non-glare screen. Super Easy to read in Bright Texas Sun!  I got the WiFi Only, with Special offers.  The special offers are ONLY visible when in Stand-by mode. It disappears as soon as you slide it on! It is always an ad for an soon to be released book, so not annoying. Overall, Great Product! Well made, Easy to Use, Customisable, Long life! Would buy again and recommend to my friends, even my Grandma!
I had the keyboard Kindle for years and it upped and died on me, making me a very, VERY sad reader.  I thought I would treat myself with a brand new Kindle, and opted for the Paperwhite.  It is the most awesome decision I've made. I absolutely love this Kindle!  I know I saw the specs, but what pleasantly surprised me is how compact and neat it is!  I have quite a commute to work daily, and I appreciate how it fits nicely in my handbag, even in its case.I had to get accustomed to the Word Wise feature and the dictionary, but after a couple chapters, I was fine.  It comes with a little battery charge, and after charging it fully, I've been reading every day for a week, and the battery has not run down much.  I love the backlighting in this as I can read at nights in the taxi for those days when I have to work late.  Get this Kindle!  It's just awesome!
I had the original Kindle with Keyboard and it was my favorite tech device that I owned at that time. Unfortunately, after so many long years, the battery began to die sooner and sooner eventually becoming unable to charge - rather than changing the battery I figured it was time to upgrade. After having done quite of bit of research, I chose the Paperwhite (with Whispersync) and have absolutely loved it! So far, I've had no problems with the device and truly love the backlight which my Keyboard never had. I did end up getting a screen protector (Tempered Glass by Infinland) as well as a case (Fintie - which can wake the device upon opening the case) to help ensure the longevity of the device as well as protect it from any scratches/smudges on the screen. As I have a 1hr bus/train commute to and from work each day, I have had the opportunity to use this device quite a lot. It is very light and easy to hold with one hand (wouldn't say my hands are large or small - about a medium size) - which comes in handy as I often require one hand to hold on to a railing. The UI (which was just recently updated) allows for very quick and easy access to many options that ensure you are reading in a setting you are comfortable with - you can quickly change the font, borders, spacing, as well as backlight, location tracking (Kindle location, percentage of completion, page #, etc). You can also easily create collections to group books together for easier access and navigation. While I do have Whispersync, which has allowed me to access books not downloaded on the device without WiFi available, I do tend to download books over WiFi which has allowed me to enjoy a long battery cycle. One charge easily lasts me two weeks with roughly 4 hours of use per day (2 hours during commute + 2 hours before going to sleep), along with backlight being used at medium-low settings (usually no backlight in a well-lit train).Overall, I would definitely recommend this to anyone looking to either upgrade from older generations of Kindle and for anyone looking to get their 1st E-Reader. Kindles are definitely leading this market and you can definitely tell with the quality of their devices. While I personally do not use them, services such as Prime Reading and Kindle Unlimited can allow the book enthusiast to truly be immersed in their favorite pieces of literature. I am looking forward to not only re-read some of my favorite books but also expand my collection which I can easily keep in one easy to access location!I will update if any issue should arise. Feel free to ask specific questions!
This is my fourth or fifth Kindle device. I got it because I read a lot.Pros:Dedicated reading device minimizes distractions, especially when reading in bed at nightBacklit for reading in bed at nightSupports large font for my old eyes that don't see so well without glassesLightweightCons:I really like reading from my iPad, and my iPad supports reading with Audible, which I love when reading business books. The Paperwhite does not support AudibleThe system is still slow. There is a noticeable pause when you click on the screen to enter your password, when starting up or clicking to turn a pageI can increase the font size for my book - but the rest of the system gives tiny text. I can't read the password screen though I've memorized where to push to unlock. Similarly, if I use the Dictionary feature - it gives definition in the tiny standard font. Or on your list of books if you're looking for your next book to read. I don't understand why, if you ask to increase font size, it doesn't do that everywhere? The font increase size benefit is I can read without glasses - but now I need to use glasses if I do anything but straight reading?Summary: Meets its minimum job of providing lightweight reading device. Could do better after all these years
I have been hesitant to buy a kindle, but since there are so many books I've been reading that aren't in print it forced my hand a bit, I'm a classicist when it comes to books.  I like to have the actual book so I can have my freaking awesome library!  However, I am glad that I purchased this.  It's perfect for me since I previously was reading from my phone or my tablet.  The light on those devices gave me headaches.  I read a lot so it was cramping my style.  This is awesome cause it's just like reading on paper, doesn't hurt my eyes or give me a headache.  All around awesome!
Absolutely love it. I've been with Nook since 2010, but when I learned that Overdrive had been removed from their store, I was reluctant to buy a new one since I was needing to replace my old one from 2012. I had always been skeptical about switching over to kindle, but I'm glad I made the switch. I am used to its size (not too much bigger from the Nook Touch Glowlight, but it's a little thicker, which I love), and its backlit screen. I love reading in bed and this is perfect for that and for those stormy days when you want to be cozy in a dimly lit room, yet still want to read. Its touch screen is amazing and reads quickly, unlike the nook which took a few taps almost every time. The Goodreads feature is a big perk, allowing me to update from the Kindle on the books I'm starting, have finished, and write reviews. I often forget to do this when I begin or finish a book, so it helps. All in all, a great purchase, and I don't see myself straying from this for a long time to come.
So far I am very pleased with my Paperwhite.  The biggest advantages are the screen can be read in direct sunlight, an excellent battery life, and it is lightweight.  Some minor improvements would be a more sensitive screen and the ability to use "pinch" motions to expand the screen like you can on the Fire tablets.  Some of the books I read had graphics that were small and even though you could zoom in by long pressing it was still not enough.  You are also stuck with black and white text and photos.  These are somewhat minor issues and overall I really like the P-white.For those of you considering a paper-white or a Fire tablet, both are excellent and have their pros (I own both).  The P-white has much better battery life, can be easily read outdoors, and is much lighter, which if you read a lot is very important.  The Fire has color pictures and you can use the pinch function to zoom in.  However, it cannot be easily read outdoors as the glare is too much.  Of course the Fire also allows for media content and excellent web surfing.  If reading outdoors is not important and you don't mind the heavier weight, which IMO is significant over a long period of reading, then the Fire is for you.  If you read a lot and don't need media and easy internet access, go for the P-white.
I"ve had this Kindle for a while and I've finally had it.There's an extremely slow touch response on this model. There's quite a bit of latency between touching the screen and the action happening.Navigation is super wonky and confusing.  Combine this with the latency and it can be a long frustrating while before you get what you're looking for.Not to mention the fact that it connects to Wifi intermittently, constantly connecting and disconnecting. Which isn't really a problem unless I want to BUY A BOOK!Customer service says it's my network.  It's not my network because all my other 2.4Ghz devices do not have any issues connecting and staying connected.Oh and it'll be connected one minute and then tell me my password is incorrect the next minute.If by some miracle is does connect to the Wifi, it will be in the middle of the night in order to do an update and then the device will turn on and the light will wake you right up from a deep sleep.  As far as I can tell, there is no way to schedule a window of time to install updates.  Facepalm
I've had many versions of the kindle (keyboard, touch, and the paperwhite). My daughter has her own. I actually bought a nook glowlight for another daughter, so I can compare the two. The best use for us with the Kindle is as a way to borrow e-books from the library. With the Kindle, this is relatively easy, since I just have to go to the library site and "borrow" from the library, which sends it to the device automatically. My daughter now does this my herself now!The Nook actually supports this as well, but it's pretty painful since you have to connect the Nook to the PC in order to download the book (using Adobe software) -- this gets pretty annoying~I took out a star because the Kindle is a bit fragile and easy to break. I've broken 2 -- the Kindle keyboard got the screen broken when it was in my backpack. The touch just died one day (no idea why -- it was in a case). And my first paperwhite had touch screen issues. If you are going anywhere with it, you HAVE to put it in a case.I also wish they had a better landscape mode for viewing PDFs (e.g. for reading academic papers). The problem is that it splits a single page into 3 screens, but the last screen is only partial (e.g. last 10 or so % of the page). So I get lost on the 3rd screen... They should've just made it (or have a mode) which allows me to say I want to size it so that it's just 2 screens in landscape mode (albeit a bit smaller). It should also support a crop mode. I end up having to crop PDFs myself before putting it on the Kindle.
I had the original Kindle Paperwhite, and it served me well for years, but it was getting a bit slow on the responses and had a ding in the screen, so I decided to upgrade when Kindles were discounted. I am not disappointed! Reading is comfortable and seamless no matter what lighting I'm in with this reader. I love the font options and ability to connect to Goodreads, and since it's the same size as my old one, I was able to pop it straight into the cover case I already owned. Winning! I am sure this is a product which will last me years before needing replacement (and my old one still works just fine as a backup).
I wanted to love this. I stalked it for months on Amazon before finally purchasing it, but our love affair was short-lived. Once it was in my hands, I was just disappointed. Yes, it's great to read on. Yes, you can read outside. Yes, it's lightweight and just the right size. But, honestly, it's just kind of boring after reading on the Kindle Fire.I like to tear through physical books with highlighters and a pencil in hand. I make notes in the margins. I highlight new vocabulary in orange and quotes I love in blue. I'm an active, over-zealous, go back through all the pages to re-read all the good parts, kind of reader! And that totally worked on the Kindle Fire. You can highlight in blue, yellow, pink AND orange on the FIRE. And you can EASILY make notes and get back to them quickly. You can even jump over to google and research a particular topic in a book that interests you before hopping back over to the next page.And you just can't do that with this Kindle Paperwhite. There aren't any colored highlighter options, and there's no search engine either. It's so much like reading a physical book that, honestly, I prefer reading the actual physical book to reading this. If I'm going to take all the bells and whistles out of my reading, I might as well just read the actual novel so that I can enjoy the smell and feel of pages!
I have had nothing but problems with my Kindle.  I purchased it August 1st, and since that time I've had to get two replacements (currently working on third as Amazon won't just refund me) due to the device not taking a charge.  The charging port comes loose on the bottom of device and then it will no longer charge.  I had this same problem years ago and finally stopped buying Kindles and decided to just buy and iPad mini.  I like having the paper white e-reader though so I thought I would take another chance thinking they had probably resolved this issue in the last few years.  I was wrong.  Amazon will only refund you within 30 days, even if the device has a manufacturer defect/problem.  They will replace but every time I have to get a replacement it drains 30-60 minutes out of my day "online chatting" with customer service rep on computer before claim can be processed.  I can see 30 days on returning if customer just doesn't like, etc.  But when there is a defect, this is just poor business.  So poor I am going purchase books through another source to read on my iPad mini.  My iPad is 4 years old and I've never had a single problem with it.  The Kindle is great because you can read on the boat, out in sun, etc....but when they continually break that's a problem.  My e-reader has never even left my nightstand.  It hasn't had what I would consider "hard use".  Now I wait for yet another replacement...  I've never had to return anything before these Kindles.  It's frustrating to realize Amazon does not stand behind their products.  Had they just refunded my money so I didn't have to deal with this every couple months (draining an hour out of my day each time), I would have continued to buy Kindle books for my iPad mini.  Be careful before buying and make sure if charging port becomes loose you call for refund BEFORE your 30 days is up....because once that port becomes loose, soon it won't charge at all.  Item I purchased:  Kindle Paperwhite e-reader, no ads, with added warranty.  Good luck.  I hope others have better luck than I have had.
All-New Kindle Paperwhite, 6" High-Resolution Display (300 ppi) with Built-in Light, Wi-FiKindles are  lifesavers for reading in the dark. My only regret is that I didnt purchase one soon enough and messed up my eyes with the bright screen of an ipad. Dont do this. Do yourself a favor- Get a Kindle for your reading. Dont get me wrong- I love my ipad and ipads are great for email and browsing and several apps that you get. But, If there's a pdf article that needs to be read, email it to your kindle email address and write "convert" on the subject line- it automatically shows up on your kindle in a readable format. I highly recommend Kindles for reading. Trust me. I have the kindle app on my ipad and I have used it, but its not the same as reading on a Kindle. This will change your reading habit for the better! The e-ink is milder on your eyes, even in the dark. Compare the ipad to staring at a bright screen, while the kindle is like having a lampshade beside you to read a book. Kindles are great- no notification message- just good old uninterrupted reading like youre used to on print books
I have been using the Kindle since July 2016 and wanted to wait to review to get some hours on it first. My wife has been using the Kindle app on her iPad for over a year and loves it. She kept telling me to get it or a Kindle; but I am one to want to hold that book I am reading. Well that is no longer true. I got the Kindle for a vacation trip where we would be by the pool or at the beach reading, and did not want to haul a bunch of books.This was the best decision ever! Here are the things I love about the Kindle:-Kindle is just the right size to hold in one hand and change pages with the tap of the thumb so as to not have to hold it and get suntan lines.-There is absolutely no glare on the screen even in direct sunlight whereas the iPad my wife had was tough to read with the glare. She kept saying she was going to steal the Kindle.-You can change pages with a tap or swipe.-You can change fonts and background if you want. The default font and white background are great for me to read.-Charge lasted days even with reading for hours each day.-I have 20+ books on there and not even close to being out of space.-Easy to use menus. Simple to setup and download books. Since my Wife has had the app she showed me all the shortcuts and menus.-The search on the Kindle is ok if you know what you are looking for. I prefer to search from my laptop and then the books sync to the Kindle.Overall I am very happy for a die hard book in the hand fan! Speaking of books. Remember when that was all Amazon sold?? Haha!
After being an amazon customer at every level, this service was frustrating.  This device has been used rarely and I ran into error messages. Tried to find support but was redirected to a million web based resources that didnt help. Tried calling a few numbers that were difficult to locate. I spent 30 minutes researching this info. Once speaking with a rep, it was clear she was not knowledgeable of the different troubleshooting steps.  I requested to escalate the call and after a full hour to troubleshoot all of the steps I had already tried. Nothing worked and now waiting again for support. He had asked me to be available for the next 48 hours with my kindle which is not realistic when you work.  These trouble shooting steps and support werent helpful and I am an amazon customer at every level and this was a huge disappointment.  This device is not built to last.
Prior to this, I used to read with the Kindle app on my tablet(s). (Google Nexus 7, Kindle Fire HD6). The difference between reading on a Paperwhite versus reading Kindle on a tablet is huge. The paperwhite is like reading paper, but oh such much better! Perfect lighting all the time, a small form factor to bring with you, great reading in daylight and in darkness. The resolution is high (300dpi) which is essential for reading text without eyestrain. Reading on a paperwhite (versus a tablet) eliminates blue light, which disrupts sleep patterns. And you're distraction free, which is HUGE. No notifications or text messages to interrupt your book!I was considering buying the higher end Kindles (Voyager and Oasis), but this one is amazing and is all I need. It does lack audio, so unless you need audiobook support this is your tablet. The lighting is great, I was considering the voyager just for the extra LEDs, but the lighting on this is perfect for me. The only reason to buy another model would be if you needed a waterproof reader or Audible audiobook support. Bot for a reader, this is PERFECT.I did buy Kindle Unlimited for 3 months for $9.99 with the tablet, which is a reduced price from the normal rate. Not all books are available with unlimited, so the verdict is still out on that, but I immediately filled my queue with "Kindle Unlimited" books and am looking forward to some new fiction. I also bought the one with special offers-- if it bugs me too much I can disable special offers at the same price as removing special offers at purchase. I don't mind them, they're typically other books that I might be interested in, I even clicked through an ad and downloaded the book with Kindle Unlimited at no cost.Bottom line: If you read, you need this. If you use the Kindle app on a tablet, you're probably already sold on e-books-- and this is the best ebook reader out there for $100.
I have to admit, this is the first time I've been a little disappointed with a new Kindle.  This is my 6th Kindle overall, 3rd Paperwhite.  That might sound excessive, but I believe in a purpose-built reading device, so I keep buying them to clearly communicate to Amazon that this class of devices needs to live on.  I'll never be as comfortable reading on a tablet as I am on a e-Ink device.So why am I disappointed.  I upgraded from last year's Paperwhite for one reason, and one reason alone.  They upgraded the e-Ink screen to 300 DPI.  I imagined razor sharp text, and unsurpassed contrast.  While I got the razor sharp text, I feel the contrast took a step back.  I am not sure if there was a deliberate change in the backing material to the e-Ink screen this year, but it appears to have a slightly different color than that of last year's Paperwhite.  When combined with the new Bookerly font, the contrast just isn't as good.  Perhaps I'm just being critical because the new Bookerly font is thinner.  However, it genuinely seems as though contrast has diminished here.If you're on last year's Paperwhite, I'd skip the upgrade.  While the sharpness has improved, the contrast has taken a step back, so it seems you're trading one for the other.Allegedly, the Voyage has better contrast than the Paperwhite.  I don't know why that is, since they use the same 300 DPI screen.  But for $80 more, I'm not taking the chance.
Loved it while it lasted, which was just barely over a year when it stopped working and refused to charge. I still have an original Kindle with the manual buttons which has lasted forever. Disappointed with the longevity of this product, particularly in comparison with the original.
I have been toying with the idea of buying a Kindle for a long time.  I normally just read books on my phone using the Kindle app because.....well.....because it's there.  I'm getting ready to head to Florida though and I wanted something that I could use on the beach without going blind so I went for the Paperwhite.  Let me tell you that I am soooo not disappointed and I haven't hit the beach yet.The display is so crisp and the coloring and font that they use makes it truly look like an actual paper page out of a book.  I took this outside on a very sunny day and, even while wearing polarized sunglasses, this was just as crisp as it was indoors.The next test was reading in a dark room.  Now, doing this on my phone always caused me to get a little eye strain, even with the back light on low.  Not a problem on the Paperwhite.  It's like the light is shining on the display, not into your eyes, so it's softer and I read for hours at night now with no eye strain or an angry spouse over the ambient light.It is fantastic for one handed reading thanks to an intuitive user interface (UI) coupled with being very light.  It's small enough that it takes up no room in whatever you're transporting it in and fires right up with a touch of the power button.  Speaking of power, did I mention that this thing has been on with continual use for the past 2 weeks and I'm just now approaching the 50% mark on battery charge???  It's unreal how well this device does with power management.My only gripe, and I almost took a star away for this, was the special offers.  I ordered this a little cheaper by getting the special offers version, not really knowing what that meant.  I guess I could have read a little more on it, but I thought, "Hey, it's 10 bucks cheaper, let's do that."  Well, this version has a different UI that includes ads scrolling on the bottom, linked on the right side of page, and on the lock screen (no ads while reading the book though).  Thankfully, a quick chat to Amazon's amazing customer service and they had that removed and default UI reinstalled.I could not be happier with this product and recommend it fully.  As an IT nerd, this meets all of my nerdy requirements from a technical and functional aspect.
I'm a big fan of Paperwhite and wanted to upgrade from my previous generation model.  I figured the new 300 ppi would be a nice improvement.  I was fairly certain though, before ordering, that I was going to have issues with the screen as I had to replace several before getting an acceptable one for my previous models).  The special price of $89. was irresistible and I gave it a try.Immediately upon receiving it and setting up I saw the problem with the uneven lighting along the bottom.  That alone was a deal breaker for me as I can't stand it.  I realized after a little while that the improved resolution of the text was not noticeable for me.  I had hoped it would be.  Also, now the text is not as dark as the previous model (less contrast)!  What's up with that?  I ordered a replacement to try out: same problems but with slightly different shadowy dark areas on the screen.I'm disappointed and look forward to the day when these issues are non existent and I can purchase a new Paperwhite with peace of mind.P.S.  Bookerly is a nice font, but I think it needs to be bolder/darker or have a Bookerly Bold option.The Paperwhite is nonetheless still a good reader, and I know that these issues wouldn't bother everyone.
Book management is awful. No automatic lists by genre, read/not read... I have almost 400 kindle ebooks and I dread the moment I have to find the next one to read. Making manual lists is cumbersome and slow. Exporting your notes is a nightmare (non kindle book notes do not show up on the web interface). A lot of non Amazon books sent to my devices are not included in library (some sent in the same emails as others that work). The reader has had to be reset multiple times due to slowness  and irresponsiveness. Syncing books from different Amazon domains is a pain (a problem with gifts and books available only in some of the Amazon stores). After so many years of Kindle development it is bewildering that the selection tool continues to not be precise :it ads unwanted characters or you need to add am extra word you don't want to extend your selection to a character that has not been included.
My family bought two Kindle Keyboards in 2011, and they were so good I never bothered to look at the newer models.  My son recently convinced me to try a Kindle Paperwhite.  He was right!  The Paperwhite is better!Now, there is nothing wrong with my older Kindle Keyboards.  They have functioned perfectly for many years and we've enjoyed reading on them.  But the Paperwhite is even better!First of all, the size is better.  Without the extra length of the keyboard, the Paperwhite fits more naturally in the hand.  Although the Paperwhite is shorter overall, the screen size is slightly larger.The screen has a higher resolution and the fonts are crisp and clear.The case feels softer and smoother and is a pleasure to hold while reading.The adjustable light is perfect for reading in almost any situation.Overall, the Kindle Paperwhite is simply a more enjoyable reading experience.  Highly Recommended!Photos:  Please note that the Paperwhite text looks much sharper in real life.
Just received this today, paid for the ad removal too. However the screen has a yellow tint and is dull and there is VERY bright white spotting (and shadowing), light leakage at the bottom! So bad that my eyes keep jumping back to it and it's a terrible strain. After scouring through reviews, I realize I'm not the only one having these issues and don't know if it's even worth attempting to get a better replacement seeing how some people are going on their 3rd and 4th replacements only to receive an even more defective product. I am super disappointed. I even rebought a book I JUST bought JUST so I could read it comfortably on the kindle (I have a broken pinky that healed wrong so it hurts to hold heavy books, which is why I purchased this) only then to notice the bright spotting at the bottom of the screen.
Several peers and classmates recommended the Kindle Paperwhite  so I decided to buy one for my upcoming trip to Japan.  After I received the kindle, I was not able to log on.  I received an error code of Internal Error.  After 40 minutes with Amazon Kindle Support, and a manual software update with no success  I was told my Kindle was defective with a known issue with this model.  The solution was a replacement, but there was no guarantee the new one would work (an most likely come from the same place and lot from the one I received).  Or to purchase a lower model or upgrade to the Voyage.  While I've been extremely happy with Amazon services and products, but how can Amazon sell a product they know to be defective or requires technical knowledge (manual software update) to get it running.  In the end I choose I refund and leave really unhappy.
I wanted a new kindle so I could upgrade from my old one that is just a kindle touch that is about 8 years old and has no light..So,my daughter got it for me for Christmas this year and gave it to me early but I am very disappointed in it. The light is great BUT I miss having my games on it like solitaire and a few others. Sometimes when I am reading I get tired and used to play a game for a while but now I have to keep both kindles with me to do that. It also will not let me use my pen to change pages like the old one did. I have to use my fat fingers which seem to miss the spot...Also when I remove a book it stays there..on the old one it went to a cloud that I could not see unless I clicked on cloud. I am so sad that I don't like it especially since my daughter got it for me at my request. The one she got me is Kindle paperwhite 7th generation (whatever that means) Is there any way to get my games on it? That would help satisfy me a little more at least... They call this progress but if that is what it is then I do not want to progress. I want my games and the old ways back. Please advise. Thank you and Merry Christmas.ADDITION TO MY COMMENT ABOVE:  I am now so happy...amazon actually called me and worked out a deal with me to get a Fire kindle that has my games on it..That was so nice of them to take the time to not only read my sad post but to assist me in solving the problem. THANK YOU AMAZON
The reader arrived on time and in good condition. When an attempt was made to download the Kindle library which was on the older Paper White,the new Kindle could not do so. A call to Tech Support was answered by a lovely woman who had no idea what to do about the problem. She advised me that she would consult with a higher ranking technician and get back to me in two days. She did not call but I received detailed instructions on how to download to the Kindle Fire. A second call to support explaining that I had received instructions for a different Kindle resulted in a transfer to a technician who informed me that I had received a Paper White which had outdated software. This then triggered a download of anew, current version of the software which enabled me to continue reading on the new Kindle. In my opinion it is negligent of Amazon to ship anyinstrument whose software is outdated. Maybe Amazon at $1000 a share is getting to big to care about quality of service.
I'm sure it's a great device if you can get one that doesn't have dust trapped under the screen.  I went through three of them in the span of two days and practically all three had anywhere from one to three specks of dust trapped under the screen.  Sorry, Amazon.  I'll continue to cling to my 5th Generation Kindle until you get your quality control issues sorted out.Very disappointed!
My wife has really sensitive eyes, and can't read books/magazines on Kindle Fires/iPads/etc.  I figured we'd give this a shot, and she absolutely loves it.  She can read for hours and has no eye strain/pain.  It's also nice that it syncs to our Amazon account just like our other devices, because I already had a few hundred books and they all showed up on her Paperwhite once she signed in.  Another solid Amazon product.
I own a voyage, an oasis, and now a white Paperwhite.  I bought this because I wanted a white Kindle. I must say I like it more than I thought I would.  I like that the back is not rubberized anymore, but a hard shell. The screen resolution and lighting are actually quite good and better than i expected.  The lighting is not as good as the oasis but it's good enough that I'll be happy reading with either device.  I can't say the same about the voyage.  I really don't see a market for the voyage anymore.  It's my least favorite Kindle. I would either get a Paperwhite or an oasis depending on budget.  The only reason I got a voyage when it was released was because the screen had a higher resolution than the Paperwhite. Not anymore.  I'm very happy with my white Paperwhite!
So I purchased this in January of LY trading in my old kindle. For the most part, I am and have been happy with it. As a dedicated e-reader, you cant get anything better than the paper white. The one thing about the design that troubles me is that the finish on the front isn't very resistant to use. I take very good care of my electronics, but on a recent trip to the beach the finish had some reaction with the sunblock I was using and it has permanently ruined the finish on the front bezel. Immediately when I noticed the fingerprint on the front as I was holding it, I tried to wipe it off, but the damage was already done. I used mild detergents, like dawn and simple green hoping it would come off, but it permanently marred the finish, ironically right over the 'Kindle' logo.Clearly, the damage is cosmetic, but for a device so commonly pictured on a beach, I assumed that it would hold up better to everyday beach use. I suppose I will have to change the way I hold the device on the beach, or get a great case, because after a few uses that bezel will be looking very rough.
I have debated for a while about a Kindle Paperwhite.  I have gone back and forth because I have been reading on a tablet for a while. I have an older Kindle Fire and I have really liked it but over the years, the battery has just started lasting less and less time.  I used to have another reader and the battery lasted a long time but again that was years ago so it finally quit.  I had gotten some money for Christmas so decided just to take the risk and get the Kindle Paperwhite.I cannot say enough positive things about the Kindle Paperwhite.  I really cannot find anything to complain about.  The size is just perfect.  I know some people will ask if I mind the small screen but since I can change the font size.  The Kindle Paperwhite is very easy to use.  When you first wake it up, you just slide across to go to the home screen.  On the home screen, you see the library, reading list (books you want to read) and suggested books.  On this page, you can also go to settings and change the brightness.  You can also go straight to the Kindle Store and search for items on the Kindle.  When reading a book if you touch the top part of the screen, the menu appears and you can change the size of the font, font style or change the page set up.  Highlighting is really easy just by holding your finger on the screen till the highlighter appears then moving to where you want the highlighting to stop.  You can also add notes.  I am the type of person that likes to write in textbooks or study books.  With this I can still highlight and still add notes.I am pleased with the battery on the Kindle Paperwhite.  The first two times I charged it, I didn't feel like it was lasting but now when I charge it, it really lasts for several weeks with me reading at least some everyday.  I really like the light that it has on it.  I keep it set most of the time pretty low so that it seems like a regular book.  The light is very nice when I am in the dark reading.For a long time now, the only way I have read is via Kindle.  This one really is the perfect size for me.  It's thin, lightweight and fits in my purse easily.  It's also emall enough that I can just carry it with me.  I prefer reading on a Kindle so that I can basically carry hundreds of books with me at once.  Again, I could not be more pleased with this Kindle Paperwhite.  I bought it as a bundle with a case and charger.  The Kindle Paperwhite without the bundle comes with the Kindle and a USB/micro USB cord.  I like to have the adapter that is made by Amazon so the bundle was perfect for me.
Nice idea, this invention, and the screen is indeed very readable.  The problem is, it wouldn't charge after I had owned it about 2 months.  I have two friends who had the same problem and had to return theirs several times.  Manufacture can't seem to make the charging port strong enough to last.  Various videos on Youtube confirm that charging problems are common.  I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS.  I will probably try another brand.  Huge waste of money.
12/21/2017I loved my old kindle, but its case wore out causing my kindle to fall out. That old kindle's charge lasted through six to ten books.  I had a separate battery operated LED light attached to the case that required new batteries every three to six books.  That kindle took me through over 700 books, most purchased from Amazon. But each time it fell from the case damaged it a little more and I was finally force to buy a replacement. I intentionally bought this one with low LED background light count hoping to avoid battery problems others have reported. Regretfully, despite charging it all night, a full charge often only lasts a few hours.  I sincerely wished I'd purchased the old style.  Yes that attached light bothered my wife more at night than this back-lighted kindle does, but not if I remembered to shield the light with the case's cover.Furthermore, this kindle's "swipe to open" feature, after it clearly powers on the back-light when I opened the case, does not always work.  I must double tap the "on" switch, then swipe it again.  A most aggravating bug.And then, I was told the old kindle's format was 100% compatible with the new kindle's processors.  This was a half-truth.  I moved many of my old books on my old kindle to my new one directly, instead of just downloading them from Amazon, and discovered much of the formatting provided on the old style, particularly spacing, heading, etc., was simply lost.Downloading the books from Amazon puts the newest editions of the books on a kindle, which I didn't want since I keep notes on the kindle when I read using the kindle's note taker. The note taker uses the location in a book to record your notes. Since new editions of a book move locations around, that means notes move too. I have notes that moved more that a few pages making in impossible to find the original entry for the note.  Hence, my desired to use the books as stored on my old kindle.This is the last day for me to return my purchase.  The problem is that after 700 plus books on the old kindle I now prefer reading with a kindle to reading a real book and a return would mean of going without a kindle. This is definitely a failure on Amazon's part.  They could have made it better, a bigger battery, few LED back lights, I don't know, but it should have been engineered better.Addenda #1 12/22/2017 to original review:My review prompted calls from Amazon's customer service.  I went through a considerable amount of rigmarole with their staff only to encounter errors on their Kindle server that gave the appearance of tossing my 700 book kindle library away. It also tossed several weeks of notes I'd made on the kindle. This morning I made a binary analysis the changes they made using a backup from a few weeks ago. Only the books, images, and clippings changed, nothing else. If my use of this Kindle caused the power problem, then the Kindle is defective.  Consequently, I'm returning it.  This makes me quite angry with Amazon for making me sacrifice my kindle in addition to wasting my time with their bugs.Addenda #2 12/25/2017I believe I may have found the cause of my battery life problem. This generation has WhisperSync with a note-backup feature that makes me quite happy, since it means I may recover my lost notes. My old notes, which I'd copied to this kindle, had a different format, but the new format makes it easier for the Kindle to match notes properly. So either the old note format or my copious note taking put WhisperSyncs note-backup feature into overdrive sucking battery life out in 3.5 hours. The last green light charge on my kindle lasted 84 hours 20 minute. Thats 24 times the prior charge, but still 14 times less that the devices advertised charge life.  I still have a few weeks remaining before I must return my kindle, so Im turning off WhisperSync to test its charge endurance again. I will report my results in another addenda. If Amazons developers read this, perhaps they will find the power problems with this version.Addenda #3My attempt to extend the battery life by turning off WhisperSync was a waste of time. As I added notes and books, the battery life fell, from 84 hours after the reset to 65 hours, then to 42 hours, and then 65 again.I have two additional items to address about the Kindles changes. First WhisperSync has a feature to mail your notes to you for a particular book.  Regretfully, it does not mail all the notes you may have made about for the book to you. Especially, if youve read the book multiple times and took additional notes on each reading. One Kudo for WhisperSync, two bad-boys for its implementation.Second, I will to address their changing the dictionary with this kindle.  Like my older kindle it has scroll bars and what appear to be links to related words, but unlike the older dictionary links dont work and the scrolling often doesnt either.  The added wikipedia is a nice touch as well as the translation unit.  However, its clear this work was done by someone with a 10th grade US education.  When my vocabulary was last measured some 40 years ago, it was in the 99.5 percentile.  So usually when I use a dictionary I do not just look up a definition, I explore.  This new dictionary tosses that old feature out. Worse, it replaces it with a Wiki-view/Internet view I see high schoolers use.  This is the sort of thing young programmers do, smart, but stupid at the same time.Finally, I think these battery problems are clearly a manufacturing quality control problem.  Amazon should not have farmed this out to the Chinese.  People who live in dictatorships will lie to the employers just the way theyll lie to the political bosses.  They dont understand businesses will work to correct problems not to erase their employees. People in dictatorships hide important things from their employers that free people would not normally hide. There is no such thing as a benign dictatorship. Bezos was lied to my his managers and the Chinese about their manufacturing quality. He should fire those managers and move his manufacturing to a free country. Maybe he can drag along some of the smarter Chinese and teach them about real quality control. It requires truth to your business managers and Bezos doesnt have it with this new kindle.
The hardware is excellent and reading on a Paperwhite is fantastic. I especially like the instant dictionary lookup feature; I always found it tedious, when reading a regular book, to record and later lookup unfamiliar words. That said, my primary purpose in buying a Kindle was for travel. I travel often and for extended periods, and I thought the Paperwhite would be a convenient alternative to carrying around a suitcase full of books. I found the marketing, especially for the Paperwhite's more expensive cousin the Voyager, to be specifically targeted to people with similar aspirations. Unfortunately, the rights issues for purchased books have made it such that using the Paperwhite abroad has become a huge headache. I understood at purchase that the Paperwhite supports only Amazon's own ebooks. But I expected to be able to read purchased books and buy books abroad using my America-based Amazon account. That is not the case. The device detects its country location via wifi and, if it's not in the US, restricts your ability to buy and download purchased books. If you're thinking of traveling abroad with you Kindle make sure you do extensive research before you buy.
My second Paperwhite.  My last one lasted 5 years before the battery started to fail - I checked the other options: tablets, phone apps only (bigger screens now), also other Kindle choices.  For the price, size and comparing features - I had to go with the Paperwhite again.  I've had the new one a couple of weeks now... There have been improvements in those past 5 years and I'm very happy with my decision.
I'm sure you've seen review after review of how this is the greatest device and is worth buying, well all of those people are right but I still see growth here.I'm an avid reader and spend a great deal of time with my nose in a book, while it was hard for me to think something electronic could ever replace a physical book, when I got my paperwhite I was hooked. It looks like a real book and is extremely easy to use. Plus I can carry a ridiculous amount of books with me and it only weighs like 7 ounces. If you like the feel of a real book I get it and agree, but i also think you'll love the paperwhite too. And you can do what I do and price shop for what's cheaper as an ebook and what's cheaper as a paperback and then have the best of both worlds to read (not all ebooks are cheaper that the paperbacks on Amazon).Here's the part where I make a suggestion to make this paperwhite slightly better than it is:I'm dyslexic and though it gives me a hard time in my reading I still love the written word. One thing that really helps with my dyslexia are these transparent overlays that go over the pages on my books (you can buy them on Amazon, they're great! *12 Pack - Colored Overlays, Transparency Color Film Plastic Sheets, Correction Gel Lighting Filter, Full Page 8 x 11, Assorted Colors*). Well, though the paperwhite has the glare-free I think adding the option to have colored pages would be appealing to a wider audience as well as promoting literacy to people with reading disabilities. Since Amazon has etextbooks this could be helpful to a wider range of college students. Or maybe I'll just benefit and I'm ok with that too .Any way you spin it, this is a great device and you should get it. Or borrow it from and friend, fall in love with it, never give it back forcing them to have to buy another one.P.S. I don't work for Amazon but I am a huge fan. And I was not paid to write this, I barely get paid to do my job.
I  got this to replace an old probably original model of the Kindle Fire.  My friends recommended it.  It is lighter in weight and the screen is more readable.  Since I don't really use the tablet features, I just read and maybe look at Goodreads, it seemed like a good idea.I hate it.1. Highlighting passages is extremely difficult compared to my old fire. I can't get what I want highlighted. Highlighting a passage takes 10 minutes to get the whole thing and not have it leave off a word or part of a sentence I have to do it several times (I didn't have this problem on my Fire).2. Also,  when I search for a book or document it comes up on the list, so I press it to go into the book. But nope. It doesn't go in and I have to search again. Then if I hold my finger on it for several seconds without out letting up, sometimes it goes in.  Sometimes I have to search again.3. If I want to go forward or back one page, it is very difficult and just seems to jump all over.  Sometimes I can be at 5% and just touch the left or right hand side to go back a page and all of a sudden it is 70% into the book.  This has happened more than once.I waited too long to try to return it so now I'll have to figure out another way to get rid of it.  It's not quite 5 months old.  I just want to go back to the Fire which worked.
Amazon calls this the "All-new Kindle Paperwhite." What it really is, is the Paperwhite 3 or the Paperwhite (2015)It's pretty much the same thing as the Paperwhite 2 but with double the pixels and a slightly faster processor and more RAM. With double the pixels, the PW3 is indeed much clearer. That is GOOD!STAR DEDUCTION: The quality control on these is pretty sad. If you look as reviews from actual review sites and on here... some people find the frontlight very blue, some find it more yellow. My first PW3 had a horrendous frontlight - it was blue on the bottom of the screen and yellow on top and there were dizzying black spots on the bottom. I traded that in for another after much ado and it is better but still not as good as my PW2 which is a very even, warm, yellowish glow. Why is this iteration a step backwards in this regard? Why can't they put a new screen in without messing up the lights that they fixed from PW1 to PW2?I've attached pictures to demonstrate all I've said here and I'll link to the imgur album so you can see the high quality versions: http://imgur.com/a/CXYw4
Decided it was time to replace my very old keyboard type Kindle with a newer one.  Old one still worked, but locked up on occasion.THE BAD NEWS: I had almost 1,500 archived books, with over one screen of collections with books and many others actually on the device.  Whispersync (I thought!) would transfer everything to my new device - not so in reality.  None of my collections transferred.  All 1,500 'archived' along with the books in my collections showed up in my library (none loaded) and only the books that had been on the old 'home' screen actually loaded.  To make it worse, when I started trying to recreate my collections, they aren't listed first in the downloaded list as on my old device.  Everything is all mixed together alphabetically and when I downloaded a book for a collection, it's STILL listed along with everything else on the 'home' screen even when it's in a collection - why?  I'm now three days into sorting this all out and still have a long, long way to go.I was able to find the setting to kill the 'home' page with book covers (who could have possibly thought that was a good idea?).  I was also able, with a bit of searching on Amazon, to kill the MANDATORY Kindle Unlimited subscription (why, just WHY?).  I'm still not used to not having a way to page with my left hand - why couldn't they make the upper side of each edge to page back and the lower side to page forward????  Being forced to always hold it in either both or only my right hand is a little inconvenient, but not terrible.  A minor complaint is that the off graphics of my old device are a lot better than the new ones - no authors, just pop-art stuff.THE GOOD NEWS:  The screen is the same size as before and doesn't seem a whole lot 'whiter' than my old one, but I REALLY like the built in LED lighting.  I have a clip on LED for my old one that can be problematic at times, and the built in lighting is really great.  This new one feels much more solid than my old one - very little flex.  It's also smaller since there's no keyboard, and almost fits into a pocket.SUMMARY:  There's several things I'm just going to have to get used to.  I don't know as I'll ever get used to not having my collections separate from books, and the books in them not listed along with the collections and others.  Maybe I'll just not have any collections on this thing and keep using my old one for them.  All of what I don't like are software issues, which makes me wonder if they didn't just hire a bunch of college grads (or worse) to create this from scratch without really looking at what the previous versions did.  I do like it as a reader though, it just doesn't organize things well.
This review must be divided into 2 parts. First the actual reader and it's technology, then the concept of E-readers and Amazon's marketing in particular. As far as e-readers go, I have no experience at all so I have no comparisons to make. I had purposed to get a Kindle Paperwhite at the next sale opportunity after reviewing the various models and customer reviews and Amazon's Prime Day event provided the awaited for opportunity.  The Paperwhite afforded most of the features of more expensive models without the higher cost. The bright, no glare screen and higher resolution made it easy to read even in high light levels and the size is, in my opinion, ideal for taking along on daily activities. In my case I thought it ideal for taking along to doctor appointments and such where you have wait times instead of depending on wait room tv. Compact size and light weight make it convenient over a bulky book and with the large Kindle library I anticipated an ample selection. of material.The Paperwhite came with the accessory bundle of leather case and wall charger, was easy to get up and running with just a battery charge and I soon made my first purchase from the Kindle bookstore.This was another factor in prompting my decision to try the Kindle. You can save an appreciable amount of money on many Kindle selections over a print copy which, I reasoned would eventually repay my initial investment.So, to summarize the first point of the Kindle product , the Kindle is compact, light and easily read  even with older eyes. It is advertised as having a long run time between charges (numbered in weeks instead of hours) and with the protective case it can be easily taken with you when out and about. Kindle books are readily available from Amazon and can be stored on the device or on your Kindle Cloud. Since I have no experience with other devices I cannot offer comparisons but I was satisfied with the Paperwhite as it was presented.  Now to the concept of e-readers and Amazon's approach in specific. I did not have interest in any reader device for a long time because I have been so comfortable with a book in my hand rather than a screen of any size. I still feel that way and have pretty much decided that I will remain in the old school camp since I am of advancing years. the concept of the e-book is interesting and will no doubt increase in utility even as all other things have gone digital. That is unless NoKo pulls the EMP trigger and we all go back to horse and buggy and oil lamps. I find it somehow therapeutic to pick up a book, and ease into a 'conversation' with the author whether it is biograghical, historical,or opinion/commentary.I think that some or a lot of that is lost with the electronic device in the same way that a handwritten letter is different from a text or email. I lament the loss of intimacy, or connection if you prefer, between author and reader as well as between individuals communicating. Beside this sharp contrast in form, there are limitations in having everything come through a small 6 inch screen.You can't flip around ahead or back in the same way you can mark and move around in a print book. I found it cumbersome. The Kindle does open back up to the page you stopped at so when you close it for the night it is right where you left off when you reopen it. This is convenient  for people who read only one book at the time from start to finish. There are two main complaints I have with Amazon, however which actually tilted the balance to the unfavorable side.  1) Each time you open the Kindle there is an ad from Amazon on the screen  for some Kindle product whether the latest vampire novel or fantasy romance or whatever. Like i should care. I found this one thing to be so annoying. It is an invasion of Amazon's marketing engine into my personal space and I resent it.  2) After a couple of days, I started getting this message that said  "You have xx hours left" which I interpreted as the expiration of the book download. I was already irritated with the above mentioned factors and I did not bother to research it further. I pack it all up and shipped it all back to Amazon who promptly emailed my return labels. ( Thanks Mr Amazon for your helpful customer service)  For those who are integrated into the digital age the Paperwhite is a good product. I did not like the constraints of a digital format and I remain aggrieved at Amazon's agressive marketing of all things. It is a little bit like "The Little Shop of Horrors" (Feed me Seymore).
I like the Kindle, love my original and wish I hadn't bothered to upgrade. It'll never give the same reading enjoyment as a real book, but I accepted that when I ordered my first one. The main reason I upgraded was for the back light, but that may also be the source of my disappointment. My problem with the paper white is battery life. I probably had to charge my original Kindle once a month. I've had this one 2 weeks and have had to charge it 3 times already. That may not seem very often, but when you pick it up to read and you get the message it has to be recharged it's a problem. Especially since one of the main features listed in the bullet list of its features is "A single battery charge lasts weeks, not hours". Obviously in my case this is not true. It may be a problem with my particular item and I plan to pursue this possibility with support.UPDATE: I'm changing this to 4 stars from 3. I sent an e-mail to Amazon customer support about the battery issue. Within the day (a Sunday no less) they had replied to me saying this was no normal customer experience, had already issued a new order at no costs for me, and sent me a cost free return label for my old one. The new one arrived today, if the battery life turns out to be as described with this one I will be back to change this to 5 stars.
This is the third Kindle I have owned, but it is also the last one I will ever buy.  The Home screen on my old Kindle Paperwhite (which had a tragic accident and no longer exists) listed approximately 12 titles in text so I could quickly browse my collection and find something that captured my interest (like most people I can read far faster than my favorite writers can write).  This new Kindle Paperwhite only shows me three muddy pictures of "book covers" and I sometimes cannot even read the book title or author name.  Given that I have purchased over 120 books I have to flip through 40 screens of bad pictures to view my book collection.  The primary reason they can only list three of my books on the Home page is because Amazon uses most of the space to list five books they want me to buy.  I did not buy this device because I wanted to read Amazon's ads.  I bought it to read my books.  I will suffer with this device for now, but I can tell that a new e-reader from someone other than Amazon is in my not too distant future.
I guess it all depends on your luck. Mine (that I've been using for a while now) looks and works just fine still. But my son's just tried his and it's not as good. Even though it's called a paperWHITE, his seems to come from the paperYELLOW section. The image quality is totally off. Even with the option to refresh after each page, there's still "ghost texts" on the screen. And the battery emptied in not even 24h. I really hope Amazon can do something about this.EditWill receive a replacement. Hopefully, white this time.
This is my second eInk reader ever.  My first was a Sony purchased way back in the dark ages when eInk readers first came out...it cost around $500.  The price of the Paperwhite is much more reasonable.  I received it the day it came out (it pays to be Prime, especially when you want what you want when you want it like I do).  It arrived 3 hours after the delivery window, so of course I was not home.  When I picked the package off my stoop, it looked like the delivery guy tossed it off his truck in a drive-by.  I opened the package with some trepidation, expecting my new toy to be damaged.  I was pleasantly surprised to find it was not.I plugged it in and started it up immediately, going through the setup procedure.  It was, of course, already registered to me. Setup was a breeze and I was able to download my books from the cloud onto my device immediately after setup.I have an extensive collection of over 500 eBooks in different formats from various reading apps (did I mention I am a voracious reader?).  The next day, I was able to convert and load some of those books on my new Paperwhite using Calibre (free conversion software, I highly recommend it).  The only issue I had was with PDFs...I tried to load a PDF without converting first and when I opened it in the Paperwhite, most of the words had at least one character missing.  I also could not get the font changed to a size / type that was easy to read.  So I converted it to the Amazon format, which solved the missing character issue but caused an error to display every time I tried to turn the page (some kind of load error).  I will need to play with it more, load more PDFs and see what happens.Reading itself is a pleasure on the Paperwhite.  The 2 minute tutorial was all I needed to learn the basics of my new reader.  The eInk technology has come a long way since my Sony eReader...I have not experienced any lag on page turns. And the screen itself almost feels like paper when I touch it to turn a page or access the menu.  The built in light is excellent...I like to read in bed and now I can do this without leaving the light on!  I also like being able to adjust the light level to whatever I need.The size of the reader is nice, as is the weight.  I can hold it with one hand or two for hours on end while reading without fatigue.Battery life is acceptable.  I find if I use it heavily (which I do, based on Amazon's calculations of usage of 1/2 hour a day - I average 2 or 3 hours of reading a day), I need to recharge every 2 days or so.  Charging only seems to take about an hour if I charge when the battery indicator is down to 1/4.There are 3 GBs available on the reader...I figure I could put every eBook I own on the reader and still have room left over.  Right now I have 53 books loaded and am down to 2.7 GBs.So I think this is a really good buy!
I've been a customer of Amazon since the mid 90's.  I've never had a problem with their services until a few days ago.I bought a Kindle Paperwhite in September of last year.  In October of this year the screen froze.  The device has done nothing for that year other than sit on my desk in the corner.So one month past the warranty, it froze solid and couldn't be recovered.  I contacted Kindle support.  The first rep asked me a series of questions, then walked me through the reset steps, which did nothing.  Then I was transferred to a Kindle Tech Specialist, which took 'several minutes' to read the previous transcript, then proceeded to ask me the exact same questions and had to try to the exact same steps, which also did nothing.Then it was made abundantly clear to me, several times, that the device was out of warranty.  Since it had only been one month past the warranty, and I'm a long time customer, I asked they just replace.  The device was clearly defective.  The tech specialist just kept copying/pasting the same reply in the chat.  I was then transferred to the supervisor.The supervisor continued to repeat the same statement about the device being one month past warranty.I was then offered a very small discount if I wanted to purchase a new device, even though mine was clearly defective.  The supervisor assured me they would follow-up personally and apply the discount which was never done.
The Kindle I was replacing is a Kindle Touch from a few years back. Still works, but is getting a little 'glitchy' so I thought I would upgrade. After reading countless excellent reviews about the Paperwhite, I was really looking forward to a noticeable improvement over my older Touch.I hate to say it, but I have been really disappointed. The Paperwhite is nowhere near as intuitive and simple to use as my Touch is. It seems 'buggy. and difficult to navigate. After some effort, I was able to download all my current books to the Paperwhite, but locating and organizing that content has been a real challenge.On my Kindle Touch, I kept almost all my books in collections. Very simple to move them there, and  very simple to find them in the collections. Unfortunately there is nothing simple about moving or finding the books and collections in my Paperwhite. Everything seems jumbled and hard to find. I am able to move some of the books into collections, and not others. It's been very frustrating. I find myself still using my KT instead of this brand-new-up-to-date Paperwhite. Even the swipe/touch function(s) for turning pages and navigating through screens and lists of books and collections is balky.All in all, I am really disappointed in my PW. Maybe I was expecting too much of an improvement over my KT. The only reason I give it 3 stars instead of 2 is because the display quality and brightness adjustment features are topnotch.
I am in love with my paperwhite! I have always been a big fan of collecting paper books and have always dreamed of owning a massive library of books but as someone with limited funds and who travels and moves a lot, carrying a library from town to town and state to state starts making your husband angry! So, from here forward I will be buying my books from Amazon and getting them in a digital version and I couldn't be happier about it. My last kindle didn't have the backlight so I had to have a small lamp by the side of my bed which my hubby wasn't the biggest fan of either. Now, this has a gentle light in it that amkes reading totally comfortable in all light settings. You can make it very dim or bright and that battery lasts forever!
I had an older Paperwhite that worked perfectly with standalone 3G.  It was simple to use, and I was able to get some good basic games.  I did the update, it killed my Paperwhite and the trouble shooting steps you have to go through to before you can even come close to talking to an actual tech person removed all existing content.  After almost two months of a dead Paperwhite I just bought a new one.It no longer runs any Paperwhite games in spite of the fact the Amazon website still shows them as running on all Paperwhite Kindles.  It runs slow because it wants to sync everything to the cloud and any other device on your Amazon account.  The home page is largely sucked up by your wish list and recommendations with maybe one or two actual books you own showing up.The Paperwhite is still the best ereader out there, but they've basically turned it into nothing more than you can get if you download the Kindle free reader application to another device.  They've basically abandoned a standalone reader with some games and simple functionality, and instead decided to focus on the Kindle Fire with all the games, internet, and whatever.
I love to read but held off buying a Kindle until now because I could not abide the resolution of early generations' screens.  The fonts used to look penciled-in, jagged and coarse to my eye.  Plus, I travel frequently and would need a backlight for reading on long flights, and the earliest Kindles lacked a backlight option.Times change, and when I finally succumbed to the Kindle's siren call just ahead of a sun-drenched holiday where there'd be zero hope of reading poolside on my iPad or iPhone, I was happy to see that the Paperwhite model now comes with a high-resolution display and a backlight at a reasonable price.Reading ExperienceThe fonts do look pretty nice now.  There are about six or eight font choices you can apply, and you can choose their size and weight easily from a menu.  I'm still experimenting to find a favorite.  I'm a bit of a font snob but have no serious criticisms of the kerning and justification options (I prefer ragged right formatting to fully-justified, and most books allow this).The backlight works well, is fully adjustable, and is nice and even save for a bit of faint scalloping at the far bottom edge.Glare has been no problem at all.Images look pretty terrible, but that's not what this device is for.  It's a single-purpose tool for consuming textual books in any environment, and at that it excels.There are lots of reader tools, such as word lookup and things like that.  I haven't explored most of those options.User InterfaceI have a passcode set, and entering the passcode is weirdly slow; you must pause significantly between characters.The touch interface works well, but there are some drawbacks to it.  Mostly, it can be annoying to fumble the device and find you've lost your place in the process of grabbing it.  That's less of a problem with the dedicated buttons on some other models.I do wish the Goodreads option were removable from the menu as I have no interest in it and have accidentally tapped it a few times.The single ads you see on waking the device don't bother me.  They're static and inoffensive and go away with a swipe.  I'm unmotivated to spend the $20 to eliminate them, but that option is there if they bug you.Slightly more concerning is that occasionally the text has lacked contrast.  But I've found that going into and out of a menu, which forces a screen refresh, can help that.  (I have Page Refresh turned off to minimize the blinking effect that otherwise accompanies most page turns, limiting the blinks to chapter transitions.  This may be the cause of the occasional contrast loss.  Now that I've found what seems to be a work-around, I'll leave Page Refresh off.)ConnectivityBoth the WiFi and mostly-free 3G connectivity work well.  So far I've tested the 3G in five countries with no problem.  WiFi has worked well and I've had no problem connecting to hotel WiFi that requires browser input-- the Kindle's "experimental browser" has worked sufficiently well for that.My understanding is that Amazon-purchased book downloads, syncing and updates are free over 3G even if you are roaming internationally.  But, if you're roaming internationally, you will be charged a small amount for downloading documents other than Amazon-sold books.  By the way, that downloading capability is a really cool feature (you can email .pdfs and non-Amazon ebooks in certain formats to your Kindle via a special Kindle email address Amazon automatically sets up for you) but one that I'd wager 99% of Kindle users don't use or even know about, much less use internationally.Battery & ChargingNote that the vaunted Kindle battery life of umpty-ump weeks is based on benchmarking with an estimated usage of only 30 minutes per day, and I believe it includes Airplane Mode being enabled.  But after my 12-hour flight that I mostly spent reading with the backlight on and Airplane Mode enabled, the device still has about 65% battery charge.  Not bad!I did not purchase a charger.  I pack an Anker 10-port USB charger (which works off of any national voltage and frequency and is highly recommended!) to keep all my gizmos charged when I travel, and the Paperwhite has had no objection to that.Bottom lineI'm liking my Kindle Paperwhite a lot.  There has been no problem reading in the bright poolside sun or on darkened transoceanic flights, and the touch user interface works well enough for me. The unit seem solidly built and is a great bargain for serious readers.UPDATE: I totally neglected to note how delightful it was to order this from Amazon and have it arrive fully configured and personalized for my account. This made the unboxing experience the rival of Apple's! Special kudos to Amazon for that.UPDATE: I did the Kindle a disservice by calling its built-in illumination a "backlight".  It's actually a "front light"-- the white LEDs shine along the front faceplate and their light is directed down towards the screen by a nano-machined pattern embossed into the back side of the faceplate.  So, the light is reflected off the e-ink screen (just as ambient light is), rather than shining through the display as is the case with smartphones and tablets.
I would have given this 5 stars until you did the most current upgrade. There are things that have been removed that I felt were important. I am not a fan of using a percentage instead of the dots showing reading progress on the homepage, but that isn't that big of a deal, I will get used to it.The one item that I am very unhappy about is that you removed my ability to see the percentage progress of reading the book at the bottom of each page. It is just plain gone and I like to know how much of the book I have read and the approximate time that is left in reading the book. Bring it back please!
It was ok. But after two month use, it becomes so so so slow.Turning pages is fine. But if I ever need to open the dictionary, wiki, look up context, visit the store, or do anything other than turning the page. It takes at least FIVE seconds waiting time.. Is it even normal?????I mean, I know it's just a E-reader, not an iPad, but you would still expect it has basic processing power to support decent speed on searching and black and white display.I buy kindle to read, because it has no glare. At least it does that.
I'm a bit of a technophobe, still using a flip phone, so I had to mull over buying a Kindle for a few years before pulling the trigger.  I have bought Kindle books in the past with the idea of reading them on my laptop, but discovered that I dislike reading books on my laptop.It took me about 20 minutes to get acclimated to reading on the Paperwhite.  I went through the instructions which are pretty simple, then started on one of the free classics I had bought, Bram Stoker's "Dracula," and just started reading.  In no time at all reading on the Paperwhite felt totally natural.  If you are not a technically inclined person, like me, do not fear the Paperwhite, it is really easy to use.I spend 1/2 of the week away from home, lots of travelling, so this thing is going to be a Godsend, I just wish I had bought one earlier.Also if you do buy one, might as well purchase a case for it at the same time, instead of putting in a separate order for a case.
Compared to the basic kindles ( which you can find in several Amazon generations ) Paperwhite was made to be an excelent e-reader with no negative points, with light, twice definition, and battery that really lasts weeks. Not so fancy not so cheap.Just elegant, smart and as useful like kindles are supposed to be while allowing us to get lost on the reading world.Oh yes, and white looks gorgeous.
I have several dead Kindles lying in a drawer somewhere. The Paperwhite was a Father's Day present to replace my Kindle Touch that longs to rest with the others. When it arrived I started it, quickly figured out the new (not really improved) interface. Then noticed a slight band of darkness along the bottom and lower right corner.I used it a couple of days then thought, "No, this is a Kindle and I will be staring at this screen for many, many hours. It has to be perfect -- as were the others."So I logged in to Amazon Help chat, explained the situation, and was soon issued a return.Two days later, open, turn on -- same pattern.Repeat one more time. Same pattern.Last night I logged into chat and typed, "I have the same problem."Reponse: "No problem! We'll ship you another!"As I had no interest in being a Kindle transhipment point I said, "No thanks. Just take back what you've sent. If the problem gets worse -- expect to hear from me again."So, I am using my new Kindle but half expecting the screen to slowly die. Not good two weeks into a new product.
Okay if you have never had a Kindle before then you should read my review. I wanted to purchase a kindle so I will have a book on the go instead of using my phone. The experience feels great but there are still things that Kindle should fix within the future models. These are experiences from my Kindle; it may be different for others.Things to consider:1. The Kindle is black and white, and whenever turning a page it can ruining the experience since you can see the fade of black and discoloration.2. Connecting to a internet is a very process and very hard process.3. Charging cable is a piece of crab... Barely works and for me I have to pur my kindle a certain for the cable to work.4. Buying books can be expensive and my problem is that: finding books can be really complicated sometimes.5. Battery is not as good as I expected from other reviews.6. There is no adapter in the box. You either purchase the Amazon power adapter for 20 dollars or use your own.Things I love:1. The weight, it feels amazing in my hand.2. No distraction, you can't do much with a kindle so there is no other distractions like an iPad.3. The ability to add books from my computer.Please understand that everyone can have different experience and this is mine. I gave it 2 stars because of this cable and how difficult it is to charge it.
My wife needed a tablet without a camera so she can read at work due to security reasons. This is the only solution I could find (other than a real book, HA!). The back light makes it worthwhile to spend the difference between this and the cheaper one that has no back light. Due to past Kindle's we own I can be satisfied that this product will last for her needs. We bought a case but not the ones Amazon makes due to her preferences in in case options and graphics/colors. I do find it rather cheap of Amazon not to include a charger for this but willing to sell you one for $19.99. The fact is those adapters aren't worth anywhere near what they are charging. I would be OK paying up to $5 for an official adapter but not $19.99. For that I am keeping a star off this. Amazon can and should do better.
I've been a Kindle user since the first version. I upgraded to this because Amazon is providing incentives; it's clear older versions are going to be phased out so I bit the bullet. I don't notice much difference in speed or readability improvements, but the changes to the user interface are maddening. Even the ad-free version forces you to land on a home page that promotes "suggestions" and contains only the last 2-3 books you've downloaded. From there, it's a winding road to your bookshelves, where you can escape having to scroll through hundreds of already-read or archived books to find the ones in your "to read" shelf.  Amazon, please bring back the simpler, user-friendly home page that features the reader's bookshelves.
Did a lot of research and for the money this is the best Kindle.  I like the features of the others but (1) backlighting is a must have (2) all the haptics and whatnot are wasted on me.  I know why they built them.  There are people out there that buy things just because.  And you have just the price with value.  If you want to just read books on an eReader this is the device for you.  It is simple to use.  Send to kindle (via app or plugin) gets all kinds of stuff onto it for reading later.  I use Overdrive to get library books on loan and Kindle Unlimited as well.  Plus, I buy ebooks and use Calibre.  If you don't like the ads, pay the $20 and have them removed.  Frankly, I like to see what Amazon thinks I should read.Only minuses... the backlight doesn't automatically adjust, I don't care.  Comes with a cable but no 120V wall plug, I have more than I can count, including one from my old Kindle.  Highlighting text at the very top of the screen sometimes doesn't bring up the dictionary/wiki/translate menu.  That's about it.
I did not expect to like reading on a Kindle.  I have a collector's mentality, and I love collecting books.  I love holding them, feeling them, smelling them, and leafing through them.  I love being able to pass them along to others after I have read them, either through selling them here or trading them off through PaperBackSwap.com.  This all makes me happy.So I bought the Kindle because there was a series of Altus Press books that collected series stories from old detective and mystery pulps.  I love the books but simply cannot afford the $25-$39 prices.  I got an email saying they had ebook versions priced at $5 with 30% off!  What could I do?  I had to buy a Kindle and then the ebooks.It took a week to become hooked on the Kindle.  It took that long because the first one died on the second day.  Locked up so tight that nothing the support line people could do would unlock it.  So they quickly replaced it.  Now, with the new one, I can read to my heart's content.I like it for the following reasons:o It fits in my pocket like a paperback and can go with me wherever I go.o I can have it with me at all times a whole library of books so I can choose to read whatever strikes my fancy at that moment.o Books are cheaper, even though I can't pass them on to friends or sell them or trade them when I'm done.  (This still hurts me.)o I found I can borrow Kindle books from the local public library with having to physically go there to get them or return them.  Wonderful!o If I get a wild urge to read something I don't have on hand, I can buy it, download it, and start reading in a matter of a couple of minutes.o There are lot more reasons, but I'm tired of writing and want to go read.I'll tell you how much I like the handiness of the little unit.  I bought a great big heavy 700 or 800 hundred page book called the Big Book of Christmas Mysteries.  I wanted to read it before Christmas was over.  I ordered the physical book--at great cost--and waited for it.  Then I thought of how heavy and unwieldy that Big Book was going to be.  What did I do?  I bought the Kindle version (not cheap!) and started reading it right then.  I'm not quite through the whole book yet, but it's still the second week in January and Christmas stories are still OK.Things I don't like:o I had a heck of time involving multiple calls to support before I could register the device to start using it.  Some complication involving Business Accounts not being set up to do certain Kindle things.  It took 5 separate calls before they figured this out.  I went through it with both Kindles (the soon to be dead one, and the new one) as well as my phones.o It sometimes changes fonts, reading stat displays, and other settings on its own.  Irritating.o It sometimes skips a few pages for reasons I cannot figure out and then resists my attempts to get back to the right page.  I'll tell it to go back a page by touching the left side of the screen.  I'll do it repeatedly to go back a few pages and it somehow recycles the same two or three pages endlessly.  Very frustrating.  Happens every couple of days.Overall?  I love the little thing and use it several hours a day on the average.  (My current life involves a lot of sitting and waiting for things.  I use my Kindle all through the day.)
I have a Kindle Fire 8, but my battery drains so quickly playing games and check Facebook and emails, making it hard to read a book without have to plug in the charger 1/2 way through.So for Christmas I bought myself this Kindle Paperwhite E-reader. When it arrived, 2 weeks before Christmas, I was so excited I opened it and got it all set up. The case arrived 2 days later, I wanted to use it right away, so I wrapped the empty box :)I was a little concerned how I would adapt to the smaller size and then my daughter pointed out it was basically the same size as a mass market paperback. I downloaded my first book and was thrilled. I finished the whole book and the battery was still almost fully charged. Over the next few days, I finished 4 more books and then plugged it in to charge but I still had about 25% battery left.The special offers only show up on the startup screen so they are not bothersome at all. I have already found new books/authors to read using them.The light is perfect for day or night reading. I am looking forward to reading outside when the weather gets nicer with no glare, something that drives me crazy about my Fire.The font size is easily changed with many more sizes than available on the Fire too.I am super pleased with my purchase. It fits better in my purse so I can take it everywhere. I can use my Fire for fun and this Paperwhite to get down to the serious task of reading.
I was hesitant a long time to get the kindle. Im old school and I love the feel of books and the design of ink into the form of paper. After reading many reviews of the paperwhite I decided to give it a try. I had the fire kindle but it didnt give me what I was looking for. The ad free paperwhite is worth every penny in the price of the kindle itself. No distractions and the feel of the screen is amazing and close enough to being a book as it can get. If you hesitate, I promise you wont regret the paperwhite over any other. Its amazing and I used it every night since I purchased the kindle.
To be honest, I liked the earlier Kindle readers better. I had a first generation keyboard one and it was absolutely fabulous. I used it for a few years before the screen suffered an internal crack and I couldn't read it anymore. (I was sad!) When it comes to reading, I don't want an app or a device that can do multiple things. I want to read and that's it. The home screen on this one looks the same as it does on a Fire, which is to say that it looks like a web page. I don't like that format. I want a simple list of book titles that I can quickly and easily scroll through. The home screen isn't the highest quality (I didn't buy this for high quality graphics, that's why I have a laptop) so it's difficult to read a lot of the titles since it shows them as part of the book cover. I'm sure the graphic artists for books will be disappointed in this, but I never pay attention to the covers so I quite often have to select several books before I can find the one I want to read. Also, it doesn't just display the books I have in my library or that I'm currently reading, but it also displays ones that I have listed on Goodreads as ones I want to read. Well I know the books I want to read, and I also know how to log into Goodreads, so I don't need my Kindle's home screen being cluttered with what I see as junk. (If I somehow discover how to get rid of the lousy graphics and revert my Kindle to a simple list like my previous Kindle had, I'll be sure to update this review.)*** UPDATE: As promised, I've updated this review from 3 to 5 stars. I'd have profusely thanked the person who wrote the snarky comment if it hadn't been snarky. Sometimes, despite the amount of poking and prodding and investigating a person does, they're not able to find everything on their own. I'm relieved to find that there IS a list view for my books and have no further complaints with this Kindle.
Kindle Paperwhite is my forever love, so I guess I'll keep buying them throughout my whole life. I got this one as a substitute for my previous Kindle that got a bit slow after 3 years of extensive usage under all weather conditions, so I got a new one instead. I am sure there are plenty very detailed reviews, so I'll mention my favorite features that are connected mostly with mastering English language. As I am a foreign student, these features made the world of a difference for me.1) Vocabulary Builder. You can click on any new word and three windows will pop up: one with dictionary definition, the second with translation to your language and the third with a Wikipedia article if you are connected to wi-fi. The words that you looked up are stored in the form of digital flash cards that you can review at any time. The cards contain the word, the context in which you first looked it up and the definition on the other side. If you remember the definition, you can mark the card as "learned" and it will disappear from vocabulary builder, or you can keep the card and review it later.2) Word Wise. This option shows short definitions of challenging words right above them, so you don't have to click anything. You can adjust this function to give definitions of more or fewer words, depending on your language proficiency.I believe, these features will be helpful not only for foreigners learning a new language, but also for teenagers trying to read more serious literature.
The best e-reader out there.This device is a great e-reader and a quality device.Screen: The E INK screen is amazing for hours of reading. there are many setting for fonts and brightness so that you will be comfortable reading your favorite books.Build Quality: This device is built with excellent quality and feels sturdy and rugged.Battery Life: The battery will last you weeks you dont have to worry about that.EcoSystem: The Amazon E-book store offers the widest variety out. there offering more than any of the competitors with amazing prices. Prime members can benefit from thousand of books, magazines and newspapers free to read!The operating system also allows you to upload your own content and supports different formats like PDF and EPUB.A device worth investing in and the ultimate travel/commute companion
I LOVE this Kindle! It's so light and versatile, I can read it from anywhere in whatever weather/light conditions and the charge lasts about a week and a half with constant use. I was so sad when a friend dropped mine and cracked the screen, because the device was like a best friend BUT, one quick call to Customer Support, and they shipped another one to me for free (arriving a day later) (thank you, limited one-year warranty). It's skinny so it fits in my purse or bag with ease and only takes a little less than an hour to charge. Some people have complained about the fact that the pages 'flash' when turned, but that's just a really neat feature of the Kindle (if you're used to the way a tablet turns pages, this might throw you off, but you won't escape it when you order a Kindle), and I also love how you can change the settings to make the words bigger/smaller and the background light brighter/less bright depending on environment and habits. Being able to access all my Kindle books from my Amazon account when this beauty isn't on me is another perfect feature, and if you have the Kindle app on your Smartphone, the three devices 'link' and even ask you if you want to continue reading from your last read page. Awesome feature. Can't say enough good things about this. Customer Support is amazing and helpful, and didn't make me feel like a loser when my screen cracked. Just replaced it, gave me a label to return the old one, and BOOM! It arrived the very next day.
I've had a nook, the very basic model, for at least 5 years. Prior to that I had an older sony e-reader. I love to read, usually reading between 200-450 pages per day. This book is absolutely perfect in every way. The light is perfect, especially with the option to fade or brighten the light. I usually keep mine between the 8 and 11 settings. The ads aren't bothersome, so I would recommend just purchasing the less-expensive version with ads, rather than the sans ads version that costs an additional $20. I love that the book can be connected to Good Reads, which makes it easier to keep track of which books I've read, which books are on my "Want-to-read" list, etc... You can also connect it with Amazon, which is nice for one reason- I have a wish list of books I'm interested in buying or that are due to be released. You can obviously purchase these books once they are available and download them directly onto the book. My favorite feature is the word "look-up" feature. My past e-readers had the dictionary, but several of my books include words from other languages and therefore illicit no response when searched via the dictionary. This e-book also has a search option for wikipedia, which is perfect for those situations. Another great feature with the look-up is the fact that the words that are looked-up are saved and can be reviewed at a later point in time. For those who want to improve their understanding of more unusual, less-used words, this function is excellent. My husband and I sit together and review the words I've looked-up over the last week and we have fun quizzing each other's knowledge.I do want people to know that if you connect the Kindle Paperwhite to WiFi, expect a much shorter battery life per charge. I'm averaging about a week, rather than the advertised 6 weeks. However, I do read much more than the average person. My husband has the original Kindle Paperwhite and it's held up extremely well. He loves the look of mine and the improvements, and plans to upgrade for his birthday. The new Paperwhite is lighter, the text is crisper, and overall it is much more responsive.Oh, and for those who don't know, most libraries around the United States offer free downloads of e-books. Yes, Amazon's Kindle Unlimited is reasonably priced, but why pay for something that is offered for free via other routes? The books can be checked out for 2 weeks at a time, are removed from your e-book after the time frame has expired (Unless you renew it), and is relatively simple to use.
Hubby bought me the Kindle Paperwhite as a birthday present. I was happy to receive the Kindle as I can use it to read at night without waking him up. I've found I can adjust the backlighting so the lighting is not too bright making it easy to read. I've found the Kindle is not as responsive as I would have liked and I may have to press the screen twice with my stylus to turn a page for example.The font is adjustable but not as crisp as I would have liked. Reading Kindle books using my iPad Kindle app works far better than the Kindle reader.A very small drawback is how small and light the Kindle truly is. This is great for slipping the Kindle into my purse but not so great when it comes to keeping hold of it. A couple times I've nearly dropped the Kindle due to its size and light weight.Overall, this is a good reader, but I think the Kindle app for my iPad works far better.
--UPDATE--I was going to return the 3G version for the regular wifi version because i found out the 3g only works when going on amazon.com or wikipedia. After comparing the 3g and the regular wifi edition i noticed a HUGE difference!! The Wifi version is clearly yellow and has a huge tint compared to 3G. I'm not sure if maybe the wifi version i received was faulty? Has anyone else noticed this? I was wondering why so many reviewers were claiming their Kindle was tinted yellow, and now I see it. I'm definitely going to stay with the 3G version just because it looks so much better.Original Review of Kindle Paperwhite 3G:This is my second kindle and I have to say it's such an upgrade from the first! I sold my older kindle about a year ago and switched over to iBooks on my iPad. I love reading on my iPad but it's too big and bulky to carry around on a daily basis and I wanted something smaller to carry with me. I just received my kindle yesterday and haven't put it down yet! It fits perfectly in my hand, is SO light, and the screen is very clear and easy to read. The price is right on this one. There's not much else to say, if you're looking for an easy way to carry around your books then go for this kindle. You really can't go wrong.Only downside is that it leaves fingerprints on the matted surface easily so I would suggest buying a case.
Kindle fan from way back, this is my 3rd one.  The last one was a trusty old Keyboard with a nice black leather cover with built in light.  Loved that Kindle.  1500 books on it, until I dropped it off the bed.  The light went out permanently.  Amazon discontinued the leather cover with light...I read often at night so...a broke down and bought a paperwhite, even though the keyboard still works fine.  I have had it about two weeks.  The adjustment to tapping on the screen and the small surround has been difficult for me.  I am unimpressed with the arrangement for 'home' and the cloud storage.  Often I tap on the left side of the screen to go back and it goes ahead anyway, then I have to 'go to' and guess a location back to where I wanted to go in the first place.  Unimpressive, but that is all there is (although I cheated-went on e-Bay andwith a LIGHT THAT WORKS.  To its credit, the paperwhite, with it own leather cover, is lighter and smaller than the old rig but I really liked the reliability of the old 5 way system. I don't like the 'library' arrangement or the wish listing, and 'sample' arrangements.  On the keyboard everything was there when you opened to home.  i liked the archive so I could look at all the titles alphabetically.  Most frustrating was trying to reconstruct my collections which do not transfer automatically to the PW.  I guess, all in all, the PW is OK but...I will fondly use my old KB when the PW is charging.
I'm not a big bookworm, I've only read a handful of books in my life, but it's something I wanted to get more into. A steady habit of reading before bed, as an alternative to staring at screens all day for work, then all night for entertainment. Funny enough though, instead of buying a hardcover book (which generally prefer), I decided to get a Kindle. My boss has the new Oasis, but after seeing the price tag, and the very minor upgrades, I decided on the paper white. It's the perfect happy medium, at only $99, it's a great price, and a great product. I started off reading books, but quickly got annoyed with the page flipping, and book holding, while laying on my back. My arm with start to go numb, and at night when my wife would doze off, I'd turn on the book like which was a whole other thing. I decided if I was going to keep this habit up, I should get myself into a happier mood and attitude about it. The paperwhite was perfect, got the version with ads, which were actually useful at times, but ended up contacting customer service to ask them to remove it. That's right, you can pay less for the kindle while you buy it by getting the version with ads, then either call or chat (which is what I did) with customer service, tell them you want to turn off ads, and they do it immediately from their end. The ads disappear, and instead I get various splash screen images.The quality of the kindle is amazing, very comfortable, and quite light. If your looking for super-duper light, go for the Oasis, but be prepared to pay much more. Not work the extra few grams in my opinion. The lighting is more than adequate, during the night I only turn on the light to level 6, out of a possible 30 or 50 or something. And during the day, it's an absolute pleasure to read. I know I got into reading to not only read more, but to ditch my screen exposure, and I think even with the Kindle, this accomplishes that. Since purchasing this, I've already read 1 book, and I'm onto my second.If your looking for a case (which everyone should), I would highly recommend a case I purchased here on Amazon. Check out my other reviewed items for the casealso very happy with my decision.
I love my paperwhite kindles. This one is my second one when my husband bought me the first one I didn't think I will like it.( I have used tablets to do some reading and I hate it plus I was a believer that paper book were better and more personal.)So when I started to used it I was amazed at how much I love it, not only I could get my book faster without leaving my home, But I got a wider selection in the 2 languages I read the most.  I simply love it!
This is a review of the Certified Refurbished Kindle Paperwhite E-reader - Black, 6" High-Resolution Display (300 ppi) with Built-in Light, Wi-Fi - Includes Special Offers.This is the 4th Kindle Paperwhite I've owned. The first one was purchased shortly after their initial introduction. I was appalled at how bad the display was. The issue was the 4 dark areas at the bottom of the screen bordering the areas where the LED's are located. There were also splotchy areas on the screen. I returned that Paperwhite and it was replace with another refurbished unit as is Amazon's policy. However the refurbished replacement had such a better looking screen that I was happy and kept it.So now I decided to buy another Paperwhite since it has been marginally improved with a 300ppi screen and more memory. I was confident that any issues with screen would have been solved years ago. Boy was I wrong. The screen on this brand new, latest generation Paperwhite was WORSE than the original Paperwhite screen that I had gotten several years ago. Same dark splotchy areas at the bottom of the screen and a yellowish cast to the screen color. I was so disappointed. And to top it off, I really could not notice any difference in the screen sharpness even though this had a slightly higher screen resolution compared to the original Paperwhite. So I sent this one back to Amazon for replacement and Amazon dutifully replaced it with another Refurbished Paperwhite. Now my hunch is that what I got was not refurbished but actually a brand new unit. That's my hunch and I have no proof of that. But the unit looked exactlly like a brand new unit, had no fingerprints, smudges or any indication it have ever been touched outside of the factory. And as in my previous experience, the refurbished Paperwhite had a screen that was so much better.What I can conclude is that there is a lot of variability in the Paperwhite screens and you might get one that is great or you might get one that isn't great. Depending on how picky you are, and I am quite picky, you might not be happy. So buy with some skepticism and know that if you are not happy with your screen you will likely be able to get Amazon to replace it and with some luck the replacement will be better.
I bought this a bit impulsively (got an email offer from Amazon to take $20 off), and didn't really read a lot of reviews first, although it was on my wishlist just on general principle.  I own and love an original kindle keyboard, and I have a first gen kindle fire.  I thought that for sure I would love the paperwhite.  But that wasn't the case.  The very first thing I noticed were dark blotches along the bottom.  In addition the lower right corner was a little brighter.  I liked the touchscreen, didn't like the on-off button, and missed the home button.  I thought that maybe I would get used to the display, or that it would even out with use, but I had a hard time reading on it.  The unevenness of the lighting played tricks on my eyes and made it look like the whole screen was peripherally flickering.  I couldn't find a brightness that was comfortable in any light.  I actually preferred reading from my kindle fire with a sepia background to the lit paperwhite..  I ended up turning the light all the way down to read from it.  That was fine, but certainly not worth a $100 upgrade from my kindle keyboard, which I've now gone back to using.  I chose not to have Amazon replace it because, after finally reading a lot of reviews, it sounded like I would probably have similar or other issues on a replacement.  I ended up sending it back for a refund.  YMMV.  I understand that there is a lot of variation in the display.  Maybe my reading glasses caused some distortion.  But, when it comes time to replace my kindle keyboard I will probably opt for the low end e-reader without the lighted display.  It really works just fine for reading books in most instances, and my kindle fire and iPad work great for other situations.
The Kindle Paperwhite series has always been a fair value for the money.  The screen is easy to read, even in daylight, and the battery last an extremely long time on a single charge.  I have yet to experience eye fatigue, even during multi-hour reading sessions.  The only complaints I have are that the interface is much slower than users with mid-to-high tier portable electronics will be used to (e.g., loading the library, pulling up options in settings, shopping the store) and that the "special offers" version is craptacular.  The device, overall, is great for what it is (and has yet to crash on me, unlike the FREQUENT crashes with the previous generation of Paperwhite), and I haven't come across a better reader out there for the money.  I can only give it three stars, though, since the interface is slow, and I had the misfortune to purchase the version with "special offers."  Yes, it was cheaper, but it wasn't worth the cost savings.  Special offers is irrelevant when you're reading a book, but is horribly, horribly annoying otherwise.  The offers are usually for books or other products I would never, ever buy (Amazon, do you see bodice-rippers anywhere in my purchase history?), but what's worse is that the home screen is now close to useless.  The link to "my library" is tiny, since Amazon would rather devote much of the screen to the "recommended for you" books it would like me to buy, and "reading lists" that I neither created nor care about.To sum up... screen = very good, battery life = excellent, interface = slower than ideal, special offers = doom.
What I like:I can read my Kindle books without struggling with a clip-on book light.There is no strain on my eyes like what I experience with the iPad or Kindle Fire.I like that the cover I purchased turns the unit on and off (via a magnet) when the cover is opened it closed. Thats pretty convenient.Its light, and its confirtable to hold.What I dont like:There is ripple of shadow and light at the bottom the screen caused by the set of LED lights. Its distracting. It looks defective but I have a feeling its unavoidable.There is no external switch to turn the lights on and  off.Even when the lights are turn to extreme minimum, they are still not completely off.When at minimum and reading in daylight, this unit is not as Paper-white as I expected. Its more like Paper-Yellow.When lit, the print is more grey and faded than the crisp Black I hoped for.It doesnt have audio.It has VERY LITTLE memory in comparison to previous models. So, you really cant store a lot of books on this unit.Bottom line: At night, its better than clipping on a book light, but during the day, Ill keep using my old Kindle
This is my first Kindle, decided to take the plunge on Black Friday with the sales and go for the lit Paperwhite with no special offers.  I bought the sci-fi Colossus Series of eBooks from D.F. Jones because my mass market paperbooks versions are now 40 years old and deteriorating.  I poured through the books very quickly, faster than I would normally read a physical book interestingly; less movement or distractions just pressing the right side of the screen? I don't know, but it seemed more efficient.  I still buy physical books, lately collecting large Marvel Omnibuses that take up a lot of shelf space and look impressive, laugh, but for books that might not make it to the shelves I see the Kindle having a place.I'm also experimenting with the Amazon Press versions of the classics (H.G. Wells, Verne, etc.), most of which are free and fairly well formatted.I use the backlight most of the time, and find the eInk much easier on my eyes as I've hit middle age. Heh.  I bought a nice leather case for it which looks very classy in my library.  I also like that it holds its charge for weeks at a time.  Been working well for me, recommended.
I read a great deal, and own both an iPad Air and a Kindle Paperwhite. While I use both to read, I really prefer the Paperwhite. I'm not going to offer any great insight that hasn't already been said in previous reviews of this device. It is very light and easy to hold compared to the Air, and adapts perfectly to its environment (sunlight or dark room), and has none of the distractions I encounter regularly on my iPad, e.g., notifications. When the Kindle Paperwhite went on sale at Amazon for $99 I pulled the trigger, and I'm very happy with it.There is one area where an iPad excels over the Paperwhite, and that's with illustrated books, or books with photos. Two examples would be a cookbook and a biography. For these categories, the Kindle app on an iPad excels. I suspect that would also be true of many textbooks as well.My advice would be that if you're a heavy-duty reader, this device is a "must." If you only read occasionally and own an iPad, stick with it and pass on the Kindle Paperwhite. For me, I think it's a wonderful "place" to get lost for a few hours in a great book!
The Kindle Paperwhite is a complete jewel! I cannot express how much I love my Kindle. It is literally like my child.Let's start with the design. Sleek, compact and lightweight the Paperwhite is extremely easy to carry around anywhere and everywhere without weighing you down. The sharp black makes the kindle standout and draws eyes from everyone who sees.As I am not a huge fan of reading on a tablet because of the harsh light and the glare, the Kindle Paperwhite is a perfect substitution. Because of its paper like quality screen, there is absolutely no glare making it easy to take this to the beach without any problems whatsoever. The Kindle also comes with a built in backlight making it extremely easy to read at night without bothering others. customizable brightness is a key element that makes it simple to adjust to changing light.One of the best features is the battery life. These things last forever! I read probably upwards of 3-5 hours a day and I charge it about once every 2 weeks. That is amazing. I don't have to worry about forgetting my charger and having it die as it has never died on me once! That was also a peeve of mine with the full tablets...as soon I was ready to start reading I would realize it had 0 battery life and would have to wait for it to charge. Very aggravating. But not with the paperwhite! It also has a super fast charge rate so if you do run out of battery you won't be waiting long!This Kindle is beyond perfect in my opinion. Small enough for easy carrying, yet big enough to read easily. A great purchase for all digital readers and one I highly recommend!
Just to add my praise to the thousands of reviews already here: I'm really pleased with my Paperwhite.  Bought to replace an old Kindle Touch, the screen and new font are excellent for reading, the internal light is a really good feature, the battery lasts very well, it's light and comfortable in the hand and it's just a pleasure to use.  I'm a very happy customer.(I paid the extra so I didn't get the "Special Offers," by the way.  I figured that as I'd be using it regularly for years, I'd regret not spending a little extra now to avoid constantly dealing with ads.  So far, I'm very glad I made the decision, but that's just personal preference.)
UPDATE:  Oct 7, 2017 One week after I purchased this, Amazon lowers the price $30 for Prime Members.  This is a much better product at $90 vs. $120.  Since the price for the Kindle Voyager was also reduce $30, I am returning this one for the Voyager.  Of course the cover is $85 instead of the $60 for the Paperwhite.  But I will be receiving a better reader overall. Love Amazon and their easy return policy.  And for that I spend $100 more! They know what they are doing.I've been buying and reading books on my iPad. Which is not as satisfying as reading on the Sony Readers that I had for years, because I didn't like the buttons and overall look of the older Kindles.  So now that they have developed to this point, I decided to go for one of the new Kindles.  I have been purchasing some of my books from the Kindle store and reading them on the iPad. I find it so frustrating that I can't put Apple books on the Kindle due to their DRM restrictions.  The Paperwhite is nice.  I couldn't be happier with it.  The ads are not a big issue.  You just swipe them away.  But I paid the  $20 to get rid of them anyway.  Just for the principal.  Pair your Paperwhite with the leather cover,  (I got the Premium one, but I think the regular one would be nice also), and you will feel like you are reading a book, not a computer screen.
I was so excited to finally get a Kindle Paperwhite. When the eReaders first came out I refused to get one. I always glared at the eReaders thinking that they were single handedly destroying the book world and would lead to the destruction of libraries, bookstores, and the world. Luckily, I was wrong.I have owned many eReaders by now, but this was my first Kindle. I have owned almost all of the Nooks after the Nook Color came out, heck I even worked at B&N; as a digital lead (selling nooks). I love Nooks and I never thought I would become a traitor and buy a kindle.  So, here is my completely non biased opinion on the Kindle Paperwhite vs. the Nook Glowlight PlusBoth the Paperwhite & Glowlight Plus have great screens with a paper like feel to the screen so it feels like you're reading an actual book. The refresh rates on both of them are decent but nothing too exciting. Both have great selection on books. Both also have antiglare screens which help for reading outside. They are both easy to hold as well.Where the Glowlight Plus wins:The Glowlight Plus is water resistant which is nice for baths and hot tubs.  The other thing that I like about the Glowlight Plus is that there are no ads (that you have to pay to remove). The Glowlight Plus also has a physical store for you to go and get lifetime help (though Amazon is starting to do this as well). I also like having a button to go to the home screen and not have to lightly touch a place to get a menu to pop up. The Glowlight Plus also feels to be more user friendly. ePub books instead of Mobi file formats.Where the Paperwhite wins:The Paperwhite is connected to Goodreads which I love. Amazon tends to have better book deals. Free reading for Prime members. Whispersync is a lifesaver when doing Audible and Kindle. Being able to email a book to your kindle. Also, for those willing to pay, Kindle Unlimited is great too.Ultimately, both are extremely comparable and it just depends on who you're more loyal to. I personally love using a iPad or a Nook Samsung Tablet to read so that I can use both apps but this is a great eReader that doesn't have too much glare and is lightweight and easy to hold.
I had the previous Paperwhite and liked it well enough but ended up losing it somewhere.  My only quibbles with it were that the lighting was somewhat uneven, darkening towards the bottom, and that the text wasn't as sharp as I'd like.  Both of those things surprised me somewhat, but the advantages still made this far better for reading than an iPad, computer, etc.With this new version, the lighting is perfectly uniform and the text perfectly sharp. YES!!!  So for me the Paperwhite is an absolute home run that actually makes me glad I lost my last one.  The upgrade is actually huge IMO.What's great about the Paperwhite in general:1) Light and easy to hold2) backlighting is less jarring than a typical tablet making reading more pleasant in general3) works out doors in the direct sun4) many days between charges5) less fragile, less heavy and thus more easily portable than tablets etc6) and now crisp sizable text and perfect screen uniformity
My basic kindle, which was the last model to feature page-turn buttons, recently died. The screen "fractured". If you've never had this happen to you, then I say to you with all sincerity: congratulations. It is a highly annoying thing to have happen, and is how every single Kindle I have owned save one has died. For those of you who have not seen this happen, I have enclosed a picture. The screen works as normal, save for those sections that don't change.So I start a chat with Amazon, and am told, predictably, that my kindle needed to be replaced. I was given three options for a discount. One was a refurbished kindle that was more expensive than buying the same model new. The two discounts I considered were a base kindle model for $55US, and a kindle Paperwhite wi-fi only for $90. I thought about it, and then had an idea. How much had I spent on batteries for my booklight in the last few months?It turns out I spend over $40 for batteries JUST for my booklight in about two, two and a half months. That's more than the price difference between the kindle and the Paperwhite on discount. So, still a bit apprehensive about the "not-backlight" on the Paperwhite, I decide to get it. Worst case scenario I return it for a base-model kindle and am out $25 from the deal.The reason for my apprehension is that I have chronic insomnia and have a lot of trouble actually falling asleep even when I take the medicine for it. Once asleep, though, I generally only wake up for fire alarms and my music alarm.Let me tell you, I am so glad I got the Paperwhite. I put the light all the way up and tried to read my giant red hardback Lord of the Rings single-volume book by opening to a random page and starting at a random point on the page. I ended up on the first page of a chapter, and could barely read the chapter title let alone the actual text of the book. I fall asleep just as fast as I did when reading with my booklight. Faster, even, because the Paperwhite's screen light doesn't unbend and end up pointing straight at my face.The text is so crisp I can turn the text size way down, at least two sizes, as compared to my last Kindle. I bet I could even put manga on it and not have to zoom! I put my Lord of the Rings Annotated Score books and Hyrule Historia on there, too, and - while not in color - it's extremely crisp, readable, and the images are almost as clear as they are in color.The only bad thing is the battery life. It does run out slightly faster than the battery on my old kindle, but that was expected - it's a touchscreen AND it has that light.And even better! You can now FULLY TURN OFF THE SCREEN LIGHT! You can now, with no jailbreaking or modification, completely turn the screen's light off. That's right. I have tried and tried to find any hint of the lighting, even looking down into the inside of the bezel where the LEDs are, and there simply isn't any at all, even in pitch black.I am so glad I took the risk and bought the Paperwhite.
Our current reader is a kindle touch, model do1200. It serves its purpose fine, but i've been wanting for a back-lit screen.To preface: i have read on a nook color, tab 4 pro, kindle touch, and my phone on the occasion, a galaxy nexus and now a droid turbo. These all have fantastic screens, but for a truly pleasant reading experience i always prefer the kindle's eink screen. There just isn't a middle ground in terms of one screen to rule them all. Granted, i don't much mind reading on typical LCD screens, but e-ink is just miles better.Here are the main reasons to get this reader:Resolution:300ppi is a big step above the standard kindle, and it is very crisp. To be fair, i didn't mind the older model's screen, but side by side it's a significant difference that you can appreciate.BacklightVery pleasing! it gets reasonably bright, to very very dim, which is very appreciated for when i want to read and my wife wants to sleep. And when dimmed down low it has this really neat/interesting glow. (i'm easily amused)New fontIt does make a noticeable difference(not huge, but noticeable), it's very nice to read, and i imagine it will be a more dramatic a difference to those with poor vision. It just flows better/is less cramped without being too spread out. I do wonder though if this will be available to other kindles in an update?Other detailsThe texture of the screen is more paper-like than our kindle touch which is smooth. I'm not yet sure which i prefer. On the one hand, it's nice that they're going for the mock-paper feel, but on the other hand, you never swipe on paper books, and thus swiping on the new textured screen is a bit sandpaper-y. It's something i'll probably forget about in a week, so chalk it up to preference/not a big deal either way.PerformanceCompared to our kindle touch the PW3 feels a bit snappier/more responsive, and overall it's about the same size and weight. Most other features are similar to the paperwhite 2, but the PW3 loses some battery life. There are some little extra features such as text highlighting, but i wouldn't consider these critical for my needs/decisionSome wishes for the future:-Wireless charging (the long battery life makes this not a big deal)-Weatherproofing (not really critical, i don't read in the shower)-Color e-ink (i'll go bananas when this happens)-Audio would be niceRecommendationOverall it seems like a no brainer for those with older kindles or those who want to upgrade to a backlight(very worth it) The new font and better resolution(and of course the backlight) are well worth the extra $40 over the standard kindle. But if you have a recent generation (backlit) kindle and are happy with it, maybe get some more mileage out of it till the next gen (hoping for color!)The pictures & video i posted really don't show the detail, amazon's compression kills it. The differences are much more visible in person
I am an elementary school librarian and developed carpal tunnel issues around 27, because I use my phone, computer, and scanner often. The only way to ensure that I don't aggravate it is to stop using my hands all together for a while, and that's not an option in my profession! (Yes, the phone use is because I was born in the late 80s and have grown up with handheld technology. That's my fault.) While I LOVE having a physical copy of a book in my hand and prefer it over "owning" digital copies, the Paperwhite allows my wrists to relax. It's very lightweight, doesn't randomly flop shut, and I don't lose my bookmark. Obviously it can do similar things digitally, but it cuts down on how many books I travel with and can be read anywhere.Why did I only give it four stars? My two qualms are: digital licensing is not permanent, and I can only borrow library books through Overdrive.Digital licensing: even though it says you are buying the book, you're actually just paying for the license to use it. That means that Amazon can determine you have violated their terms of agreement and remove your access, leaving your money in the dust and your library empty. This can be avoided by reading their terms and following their rules. Before cloud storage, having a single file on your personal computer meant your purchase could be lost entirely if it had a glitch. (Seventeen year-old me discovered this with iTunes to the tune of $250+ in the early 2000s.) The books will stay in your account and be available to use on other devices if something goes awry with your Kindle. My solution: buy books on sale, rent them from the library, or buy ones that I know I probably won't read again and are about the same price as a physical copy. If it's a book I know I want to keep forever, I'll buy it. I still like being able to physically highlight and thumb through books. If potential loss doesn't bother you, then this is a perfect fit! (I'm a recovering book hoarder, so it's taken me a while to get here.)eLending issues: Thankfully, I live in Kansas City and can use my card from my local public library system in at least three other public library systems. If one library doesn't have it, another one will. My system hasn't started using Overdrive, but two other systems do have it. If you can access Overdrive and the books are available, the copy will be sent to your Kindle through Amazon. ***IMPORTANT NOTE:*** If you own a Kindle Fire, you can access most eLibraries. I did not know that before I bought my Paperwhite, but it's not a big enough issue for me to change over.Verdict: Fantastic for weak limbs, travel, and easy access. I won't stop getting physical copies, but this is making my life a lot easier.Last note: I bought the Finite Origami Case for Kindle Paperwhite and believe it's a must have. The Paperwhite is thin, so it adds a little protection and the case folds so that the cover can prop the Kindle up. I spent about $15/17 on mine, which is cheaper than other cases, and there are a lot of design options.Fintie Origami Case for Kindle Paperwhite - The Thinnest and Lightest PU Leather Cover for All-New Amazon Kindle Paperwhite (Fits All 2012, 2013, 2015 and 2016 Versions), Emerald Illusions
I switched from the Nook Touch to the Paperwhite and I'm glad I did.  Have had the unit for almost 6 months now and everything works fine.  I enjoy the software and Amazon environmental perks such as Kindle Send which allows me to send long online articles to read on the e-reader.  Yesterday I did notice a couple of spots on the screen and since this is my first lighted e-reader, I'm not sure what those spots mean.  Dead pixel?  I'll update the review as needed.  I use the Bookerly font exclusively and it's great.As much as I like the PW, here a couple of things I wish Amazon would address.  They're not even issues that would be particularly difficult to improve.  Number 1, imcrease/improve the font size increments.  I use an e-reader because I find paper books to difficult for my eyes nowadays.  I use the 3rd largest size.  Which is just about right.  Now if I want to go up one size, the font is ridiculously large.  Where's the gradual size change?  Number 2, the font size and type for the dictionary is just too small.  Again, I require large font sizes.  So it's great reading a book, but should I use the dictionary, the font is tiny and very lightly shaded--making the use of the dictionary annoying.  The recent update changed the unit text (like the library and bookshelves) fonts to a tiny size and shade also.  Again, very aggravating.Amazon, please, many of us switched to e-readers because we find the small static font size of dead tree books impossible.  Please don't force us to deal with the same issue when it comes to your e-readers and embedded dictionary.
I have had an older Kindle that was not paperwhite and not touch-screen for several years, and I still love it. But this Kindle is even better. I especially love the lit screen, which has 24 settings from completely off to very very bright, which allow you to set the light exactly how you like it I read a LOT, maybe 100 books per year, so it does not stay charged as long as they say it does, but that is only because I read much more than the average reader.Also, I wish the touch-screen was a little different. It is very sensitive, and I have numerous times accidentally made it turn several pages forward at a time. yet it is not very easy to get it to turn pages backward. I have had it for a couple of months and I'm getting better at controlling the forward and backward turning of pages, but it would be better if it were not quite so sensitive and had more positive control on the backward page turning. If not for this factor, I would want to give it even more than five stars, cause I LOVE it even with this small flaw!
Well, the first kindle paperwhite I had for about 2 weeks and charged it twice.  I did a restart myself when it needed charging after 1 week, when it only stayed charged for 5 days the second time I called tech support and they had me do something with paperwhite  plugged into the charger; it stayed charged for another week, but 2 days I didn't use it at all.  I called tech support again and they said that there must be something wrong with it so I should send it back, which I did and they sent me another one and it arrived the next day.  Well, that was Tuesday and it is now down to about 1/4 charge left.  Today I did a chat with the most unknowledgeable tech support person ever.  I asked how long reading about 2 hours a day how long I could expect it to stay charged and she/he said 1 hour.  I asked if a refurbished kindle paperwhite should stay charged the same amount of time as a new one and he/she said no.  So, I decided to do a phone call with tech support, now she told me that I should not expect the paperwhite to stay charged more than a week reading 2 hours or more a day and that the refurbished battery life would be the same as a new one.  Who to believe?  My regular kindle that I have had for a couple of years holds a charge way longer than the paperwhite, so why does their online documentation say that the paperwhite holds a charge for weeks not days or hours?  They told me to turn the wifi off when I'm reading, but I read on several devices around my house and want the devices to sync.  I saw one place where it said to turn the brightness down to 10, well then I might as well read on my old kindle.  I think Amazon needs some new more knowledgeable tech people.  Had the first support people told me what the girl today told me, if she is correct, then I wouldn't have had to go through the hassle of sending back the first paperwhite and getting another one that does the same thing.  I am wondering if overtime I will have to charge the paperwhite every day to read for a couple of hours.
After years of thinking I should get an E-reader, I finally got one and love it!! I always thought I would not use it because an iPad or Android tablet seem like the best option, after all, they allow me to read, type up documents, browse the web, play games, watch movies, and so on... With tablets, I've ran into two issues, reading before bedtime was hard, no matter how much I adjusted the screen brightness, and I also did not want to fall asleep and accidentally drop a tablet or crush it in my sleep (embarrassing, but I did drop a 10.5" iPad on my face once due to falling asleep - it's painful). With the Kindle Papewhite reading in any environment is a pleasure, it is also great for someone like me who has a hard time focusing, now I'm not distracted by an incoming email that will make me want to search the web, I can just focus on reading without other distractions. I also find myself reading faster due to how easy e-paper is on the eyes. I still do use the iPad a lot; but, also find myself just picking up the Kindle at home to read a few pages throughout the day, and sometimes take it with me when I know I'll be waiting for someone/something. It's a really small and portable device, and sometimes people notice I might have packed both and ask why I'm still using an E-reader when the tablet does it all (some even ask why I still carry a tablet and E-reader when my phone does it all); I just tell them that they should find a book they want to read, and give the Kindle a try. After all, they can return it if they find no use for it; but, I'm sure that anyone who likes reading, even occasionally, will prefer the Kindle, or any E-reader, over a tablet.
Some improvements with key features missing :(I'll keep this simple.PROS1-nice form factor. perfect balance of size.2-goodreads intigration.3-adjustable backlight with lots of room to get the perfect brightness.4-touch screen. Works just like a smartphone or tablet.5-heafty bit of memory for holding scads of books.6-works great with the custom magnet latch covers to auto on/off your device.7-commercial print quality page resolutions. Seriously, fantastic with the ability to zoom in and pan/scan images.CONS1-my biggest gripe. There is only ONE button. The power button. I miss having the ability to turn pages from either left or right sides. I've already had a slight issue with swiping pages. ...either I had a moist finger or something on the screen or just the fact that I have large man hands, at some point it would not let me turn pages. After itest thedevice it worked fine... but I much prefer the physical page buttons for this reason and also that it made reading one-handed easy.2-and of equal annoyance to me, gone is the option to listen to your books!!!! I loved having the ability of the old kindles to read aloud your books. ... now it appears that your only option is to purchase an audio version from audible. I really really dislike these downgrades!Great new product, but lacks the goods from the old devices. If you don't mind those losses, you'll lovethis device.Two steps forward, one step back.
It's a pretty useful and helpful product.  I have two tablets which have the Kindle app on them.  But because of glare, my children cannot read on the app while out in sunlight.  Also, they sometimes "inadvertently" get sidetracked with browsing the web or video games.  So the Kindle reader is really good for ensuring the kids are doing what they're supposed to be doing.  I also do recommend the Paperwhite as opposed to the older generation Kindle because of the added LED lights.  My children do fine with very dark text displays but I can hardly read anything on them without at least some lighting.Now, the minus one star.  I am not sure if it's just my Kindle units but the two that I own will somewhat frequently glitch and skip many pages or turn pages when I mean to just bring down the menu bar, etc.  My children tell me they experience the same.The battery life is also a bit misleading.  If you leave the wifi on, you might get maybe three days of reading about 2 hours a day.  I do try to tell the kids to keep the wifi off but then it's a bother if they need to look up a reference.  The dictionary, however, functions without wifi.I am not sure how the technology would work, but it is a shame not to have color illustrations for children's material.  I do sometimes have the kids read color illustrated books (such as the Little House series) on the Kindle app, but it is a bit of a hassle.Last, the book storage/management is a bit confused in my experience.  But more adept users might feel different.  And the issue is not specific to the Paperwhite model.Overall, it is a very useful product and I do recommend it.  I also recommend putting a case on it.  Even a generic one will do.  It's saved me a couple of replacement orders.
I got the Paperwhite when my old Kindle died last summer, and boy! What an upgrade. I was reluctant to get it because I didn't really like the idea of the color coming from behind the screen but since there was no cover that had a built in reading light, like my last kindle, I decided it was the right choice. Some of the things I love about it are that it is integrated with Goodreads which was something I was already using. Now when I start a new book I can update the status right from the kindle. I had access to the app store on my old kindle but on this one it is much more dynamic and easier to navigate. I also love that the homepage shows the covers of the books you are reading. As far as the back light goes, I really do like it better than my last one with the overhead reading light case. The lighting can be dimmed or turned up and it does not produce a glare which was a problem with my last kindle. I am still getting used to the kindle turning on when I open the case cover but, after years of having to push the button on the bottom, its to be expected. I am really happy with this upgrade and found that the built in ease of use to be much better on this version than my last. I'm almost happy my last one died now that I have this one!
I had the 1st Gen Kindle Paperwhite. It had an accident with a small childs foot. Luckily this Kindle is just as good as that one. I have to have a pocket sized book on me at all times as I spend a large portion of my days in waiting rooms & my phone is really just too small to read from at length. I love that this 3rd gen Kindle comes with a larger harddrive than the 1st. Frankly I do wish though that there was a model even larger in the paperwhite family. I own a ridiculous amount of books digitally and physically. My collection is combined over 8gb. So with only a 4gb drive in the Paperwhite I can't carry all my books and I need to be constantly vigilant that I'm not too close to the drive capacity. I would gladly pay your more if you would ofer me more Amazon! I realize I am an exception to the average user though.I also think I should state that I am dyslexic and the Kindle paperwhite helps me to read without difficulty. The lack of glare is VERY important to me. Also the feature to change the font of a book is the only reason I bought a Kindle years ago. I have a lot of trouble with some fonts. I do not really care for the Bookerly font but that is because I have difficulty reading any Serif. I prefer Futura & Helvetica. I however know some dyslexics prefer to read only Serif fonts which is why ebooks with changeable font are so good for us.I'm very satisfied. Keep making the Kindle Paperwhite Amazon & I'll keep giving you my money.
Love the functionality, the screen resolution, and the overall reading experience.HATE the blue light. It does not turn completely off (it only can be turned down) and sometimes it gives me a headache. And come on Amazon. It's blue. BLUE. Melatonin disrupting BLUE. Irritate your sleeping partner BLUE.This is so close to a perfect product: beautiful engineering and then BOOB overlook the anatomy of the eye and the science of lighting. Such a physically uncomfortable and disappointing engineering failure.
I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE my Paperwhite!  It's full of all kinds of neat features (dictionary to look up word meanings, bookmarks, highlighters, etc.) but most importantly, and the reason we all buy one, is to READ!  It makes reading fun and easy, because it has great fonts and you can adjust them to a wide range of sizes which translates to less eyestrain and fatigue regardless of your age and enables you to read longer.  There are 9 fonts (I prefer Bookerly) and 8 font size settings for reading comfort and enjoyment.  It's light and easy to hold with one hand, and you don't have to swipe the screen to turn the page, you can just tap it and the page will turn, so I can hold it in my right hand and reach over with my right thumb and lightly tap the screen and the page turns...one-handed reading!  I do not use the feature to refresh the page after each page turn, yet I have not noticed any ghosting, any strange lines, etc.  My screen is clean and clear.  (Noticed some people said that more than one page will turn while swiping the screen...probably user error...I've had that happen with my smartphone if I'm sloppy when swiping, and when I lingered over the Kindle's screen with my finger I managed to flip two pages quickly in succession; not a problem...just be more deliberate with your swipes or taps.)  The backlight is adjustable so that the screen is at the exact illumination that you prefer.  Don't pay to get the promotional displays removed...all they are is that when the Paperwhite is turned off the screen will show an advertisement for a book; no ads or anything else show up while you're actually reading.  I've discovered, and bought, lots of interesting new books that way already.  (Oh, and get Kindle Unlimited...if you read much at all it will pay for itself the first few downloads, and I'm a voracious reader.)  Now imagine being able to take this device anywhere with you and at any time, under any lighting conditions, having your choice of thousands of books to read...on your device!  Remember packing for a trip or vacation and wanting to take four or five hardback novels with you but only having room for two?  A reader's nightmare.  That's solved with Kindle Paperwhite.  Take hundreds, thousands with you!  I bought the Wi-Fi only option because I download all of my books over Wi-Fi, and then they're mine...they go with me wherever my Kindle does.  There's the Whispersync technology which works wonderfully!  I have a Kindle reader on my PC, the Kindle app on my smartphone, and now my beloved Paperwhite.  Set a bookmark on any of them and when you turn on any of the others it will sync to the last page you read on the other device!  I could go on and on...I haven't scratched the surface of the features.  And ease of use is right at the top.  Get your Paperwhite, plug it into your computer, and follow the prompts on the screen.  Charge the battery fully and then start exploring it.  You should be able to figure just about all of it out without even referring to the included instructions.  As for claimed battery life I don't know.  I just got mine and I've read a bunch at the bright backlit setting so I don't know how long the battery will go, and for me that's not an issue...charging overnight or early in the morning isn't a drawback for me, and you can read from the Paperwhite while it's charging.  Plus I have a portable charger should I ever need it.  Again, the big thing above all else is it's comfortable and easy to read on the Paperwhite, and you can have all of the books you want at your disposal in a small and easy to carry device.  Get one today!
Kindle experience:  Have owned 2 previous Kindle Fires that finally gave up their respective ghosts after much reading, solitaire games, etc.  Loved the ability to go straight to Amazon's available Kindle books, search and browse easily, and spend my $$$.  Husband even enjoyed the solitaire games.  Everything on the first Fire transferred automatically to the second.After the last Fire died in the middle of a book, I bought this Paperwhite.  Easy on the eyes. Lightweight and easy to travel.  Quirky but tolerable movement from page to page.  Strange little "highlight" notes in the background.  Worse thing: Nothing transferred.  Had to purchase the book again, then search for my place in it.  No solitaire, puzzles, games.  Strange access to Amazon page.  Much easier to use my computer or iPad to browse and purchase.Bottom line:  Bizarre but bearable.
This is one of the best gifts I have ever given to myself in the last couple of months. I'm in love with my Kindle. I had a previous version but this one is amazing! I can read at night and love the touch screen feature. It's small and I can bring with me anywhere. This is a must have item in my purse. I'm just about to bring it to the beach. I have bought lots of books at a very cheap price and some classics were even free. It's much easier to read on this Kindle than the previous versions due to the background light. If you are looking to upgrade your previous Kindle version, I would definitely get this one. If you are new to the Kindle family, you will love the features in this device. I have a Kindle with ads and they do not bother me at all. The ads only show when the device isn't being used and not when I'm reading a book which is great! The ads are some kind of screen saver just like a computer and they don't drain the battery. I think the battery holds up pretty well. This device deserves 5 stars!
This is my third Kindle reader since 2011.  The first two were the bottom of the line readers, the first one locked up after 9 months, so was quickly replaced.  The availability of out of print books at low prices - or even free - was my main motivation for entering the e-reader realm.The first generation Paperwhite was available when I bought my first reader.  The main reason I did not choose it was the touchscreen.  I thought it might be difficult to hold the device without constantly changing pages.Cut to 2016, and it was time to replace my second Kindle.  The backlit screen of the Paperwhite model won me over, but I remained concerned about the touchscreen.  I have now been reading on the Paper white for a week, and my fears are verified.  So far I have been unable to find a way to securely and comfortably hold the Kindle Paperwhite without either constantly paging forward or backward and activating screen options!  Single hand operation is impossible so far.  Am I missing a setting that can help with this problem?All other aspects of the Kindle Paperwhite are excellent and superior to the normal Kindle.  But holding the device is a critical function, so 3-stars is the best I can rate.  Wish Paperwhite had page-turn buttons rather than touchscreen.1/27/16 Update - The Good - I can now hold the Paperwhite without turning pages.  Place the device in my hand with thumb on one side and four fingers wrapped around the other.  Must switch hands periodically as my arm and fingers tend to go to sleep.  But it owrks pretty well.  Upped my rating to 5 stars.Not so Good - Since I ordered my Paperwhite the same evening I submitted my old Kindle for trade, I am ineligible for the $20 off purchase price for a new Kindle.  Apparently I was supposed to await Amazon's granting of the coupon.  This is aggravating, because customer service can see my order.  Why the $20 cannot simply be credited to my gift card balance escapes me?  Shame on me for getting in a hurry to buy their product I guess.
Let's start off by saying that if I had my way I would always be able to buy Kindle Second Generation readers. Old school, with the keyboard. Touch screen devices (including "Smart" phones) have always responded erratically to my touch, which is irritating. (Am I the only one this happens to? I'm sitting poking at them like an idiot and they do absolutely nothing. Cold fingers? Thick skin? No idea.)  Secondly, you're too cheap to include a power plug now? Seriously? So I get to add an extra $20 for that--as though having to pay extra to NOT be inundated with advertisements isn't bad enough? And to top that off, you can't pop for a cheap "Quick Start How To Use The Flippin' Touch Screen" info card? I moved beyond the library screen by accident and couldn't figure out how the devil to get back (see the comment about "erratic touch response") and had to go online to download the flippin' User Guide before I could even get started. What else...I dislike having to carry it by the edges or turn it off every time I move so that I don't accidentally touch the screen and flip forward in my book. (Told you I was a Luddite.) I'll never use any of it's fancier connectivity features...if I'd wanted that, I would've bought an iPad. I just want a reading device, period. I actually dislike being connected to "The Cloud" and would prefer not to have anything to do with it.The built-in light's nice, though. And a 3 year warranty means I'm not going to have to buy another one for awhile.
I'm one of the readers who loves books. The smell (yes, there's a smell), the feel, the heaviness moving from front to back as you dive deeper into the story. Unfortunately, traveling, another of my hobbies, and carrying books with you, doesn't work out. Between the weight of multiple books, and the space they take up, over the last trip I knew I was going to have to get en electronic reading device. Not to mention, my husband says we have too many books (you can never have too many), but that we no longer have space for them... perhaps he's a little right about that.As an apple girl, I was of course leaning towards the Ipad mini, but two things swayed me into getting a kindle. One, the fact that it has e-ink which i easier on the eyes. Two, the fact that it doesn't have a million apps, because I'm easily distracted. It also helped that it was about 1/5 of the price.I wish I could say I was a 100% happy with my decision to get a kindle, but unfortunately, not so much. One, there is no way to adjuster the brightness on the screen, so if I'm reading in bed, it's super bright. Two, it's super sluggish. Maybe I'm just used to how fast an ipad/iphone/mac moves but it moves slow. Three, the kindle is supposed to last for "days." My kindle needs to be charged almost as much as my ipad, and I use that a lot more. I would say it needs to be charged every other day. Maybe every third day if I don't use it at all. Four, it doesn't come with any charging equipment. Amazon says this is because they assume people have enough cords and plugs lying around. As someone who has had only apple products for years, I do have a lot of cords lying around... but they are all for apple products. I would have had to actually buy a charger if one of my friends hadn't manage to dig an old cord out. Five, I would love it if they could put the NYT crossword on there.All that being said, my biggest complaint is that one of the reasons I bought the kindle was because I assumed that electronic books would be cheaper to buy. I mean, you don't have to produce them on paper. But no, most often, the books I want to read are at least $11 for a kindle addition and around $8 for the paperback. So, I just buy the paperback... which defeats the purpose of me buying the kindle in the first place.
I had a Kindle Touch, which I never liked because of the dark green-gray background. I used my iPad and iPhone to read Kindle books. But as I recently started reading more, I wanted the best reading experience, and I was tired of having to switch devices when my iPad needed to be recharged.I had been looking at the Kindle Paperwhite for a long time but couldn't get past the negative reviews. Since some people had a good experience, I thought maybe the bad devices were the exception. So I bought one.I'll cut to the chase. After receiving my Kindle Paperwhite, I turned it on, only to find it had the dark, shadowy areas at the bottom of the screen (see photo). I debated for a few days whether or not it was bad enough to bother me. I decided it did bother me.Rather than have to deal with Amazon's shipping and late delivery again (they shipped it via USPS in an envelope and it took three days, not the two days promised by my Prime membership), I bought another one from Staples. If the Staples Paperwhite was better, I was going to return the original one to Amazon.I opened the box of the new one. I unwrapped the Kindle and turned it on.It was worse than the first one. The dark shadowy areas were bigger and darker. In addition, there were two stuck pixels. (These are pixels that are always on and look like tiny little points of light.)I returned the Staples unit and decided to live with mine.Another issue is the color of the text, which is a dark shade of gray, instead of black. My eye keeps wanting it to be darker and when I first received the unit, I looked for a contrast control, but there was none.The bottom line is that these units seem to be manufactured cheaply and they feel cheap. My iPad doesn't have dark shadows on the screen and stuck pixels. Neither does my iPhone, my iMac, or the Dell monitor on my office PC.Amazon's idea of quality control appears to be to send these devices to the customer and replace it if they don't like it. There doesn't seem to be any standards as to what is acceptable to send to customers. If you buy one of these units, what you'll get will be completely random. I would expect this if I was buying electronics from a street vendor in India, but not from Amazon. It is inexcusable.The only reason this received two stars and not one is because I decided I could live with it and didn't return it.
I preordered this. When I first got my new kindle, I happily started reading, and suddenly, it turned itself off. Then it came back on again, all was good, I figured maybe it was updating. Nope. It continued to periodically turn off and back on. Restarted it by holding the button down til it flashed and came on - lost all my settings. I tried to do a return, and was told to call technical assistance. I have a thing about waiting in call queues, so I hung up without getting help. Tried the return again, got an email to call. Since I could read for an hour or so before it cut off, I just lived with it. Now it won't stay on long enough to read even one page. I did reset to factory, hard reset, worked ok for a day or so, then started back cutting off. When I would first try to turn it on, I had to hold the button down til it restarted, get all my settings back, read a little - and it shuts off again. I give up, it's going to the dump.I almost always buy the cheapest, usually refurbs, and if it goes bad I don't feel cheated, I just get another reburb. I have 3 of the old original kindles that I paid $39 ea for. They work just fine. No light, no touchscreen. I am here because I was debating buying another new model, was checking the reviews so I didn't buy more junk, and decided I should add my experience to help other people decide.
I must read too much because the battery is at half in 2 days. I like the light feature that my old kindle did not have. I don't like how if you barely touch the page it turns since the edges are so small. Single handed reading/page turning is much easier on the old kindle.  I like it but i really dislike the page turning when you accidentally touch the front since there is very little room on the edge/sides.The free 3 G does not always work, my 1st kindle worked all the time. Also unlike the old kindle i have no idea where the books or samples go that i order, i have to go looking for them, there is no 1st page where you would see new stuff. I have to go on amazon then to my kindle download page and add the book or sample to a collection and then i am not even sure its there?  The only thing i like is the light....Update This just happened, theres a spot under the glass that lets a tiny pin hole of light through, happened out of know where.
I love the paper white e reader because I read outdoors quite a bit. However,I just traded a paper white kindle in because the screen kept freezing and ordered a new one . After 2 weeks it started freezing in the same way . What a disappointment.I have reset the screen several times with the 40 second rule and the e book always comes back on. However, with my older versions of the kindle this problem did not start occurring until the kindle became aged and this is happening fairly frequently with this new one. I would still recommend the paper white if you like to read in the outdoors/sun as neither the fire nor an iPad work well with outdoor glare.*this is an edited review*
Looks alike I am experiencing the same "internal error" issues a lot others are experiencing now. After two kindles replacement, 2 hours over phone and chat, still unable to register. The three people  I spoke over the phone refused to acknowledged the issue on their side, and The last chat the girl from oversea finally said the problem is acknowledged and affecting a lot user, and their 'top service team" is working on this.Update: third replacement arrived, and as soon as the wifi is connected, i saw my name on the screen. so the problem was with the kindle. if you are living in the same situation, do not waste your valuable time calling in to trouble shoot. the guys stationed in Asia will spend 1-2 hours with you, and even tele-conferencing your internet provider before they can issue a replacement. simply request a free return due to product not working, and purchase another one. Time is so valueable and i couldn't believe i wasted that much time on Amazon. at the end, the ignorance customer suport folks in Asian still think the problem is with customer.
I love my new Paperwhite.  The battery life is great.  It is lightweight and it also very much like reading pages of a hard copy book.  I have tried in the past to use my tablet to read e-books and the brightness and glare has made it a completely unenjoyable experience.  Personally, I believe reading a book is more that just a about reading a good story.  Don't get me wrong the story is a very large part but I also believe it is about the experience, the feel of the pages, the smell of the book, being able to look at the binding to see how far you have read and how far you have left to before you reach the end.  I was completely anti e-readers for a long while until I used a Kindle.  The experience that Kindle provides is, in my opinion, as close to a book that I believe you can possibly get.  However, I do miss the look of a page turning, when moving on to a new page, that my old Kindle provided. But other than that I am completely happy with my purchase.  Thank You Amazon for a Great Product!
Summary: it's better to evaluate Kindles along with covers. After testing the available Kindles, I found the Paperwhite with Fintie Origami cover best meets my needs. The aggregate cost is about $100 if you get a refurbished Paperwhite or find one on sale.I recently gave away my Paperwhite to an elderly woman whose ancient Kindle's keyboard died. In the course of replacing the Paperwhite, I tried the Voyage and Oasis. I figured that since I use the Kindle daily, I'd invest in whatever I liked the most.I've had good luck with refurbished products, so tried a refurbished Voyage. I didn't like the page  turning buttons at all. I found them difficult to use. I still could tap the screen, but I don't need a Voyage to do that. The materials are a bit nicer than those of the Paperwhite, but not remarkably so.There are no refurbished Oases, so I tried a new one. It's a very nice piece of hardware, and I like the way the buttons work. It is pleasingly smaller than the others. I found it easy to hold with the cover on or off. It's lighter, particularly without the cover, than the other Kindles.Since the screens and reading experience on each of these are quite similar, I sought differentiators that would cause me to prefer one over the other. I took price into account although it wasn't a primary concern since I figure that across a nominal lifespan of two years, about 720 reading days, the difference in cost per day isn't a lot.The difference in size and weight doesn't matter much to me. Any of them will fit in the pocket of my jeans or a "man purse." My hands are on the large side, so I'm able to hold any of them one handed without much effort. I experimented with the Oasis with and without cover, to see if I valued the size and weight without the cover. Turns out that didn't matter to me.The difference in materials wasn't a meaningful differentiator. I have a slight aversion to the leather of the Oasis (not a beef eater).I did value the buttons on the Oasis and, as mentioned above, did not like those on the Voyage. Touching the screen to turn pages (which can be done on any of these) works fine for me.The biggest differentiator for me is the Origami case for the Paperwhite. I got a cheap one from Fintie which works really well. To my surprise, being able to prop the Paperwhite on a table or on the couch beside me considerably increases my use and enjoyment of the Paperwhite.There is an Origami cover available for the Voyage, but in my view, that significantly negates whatever weight and materials advantage the Voyage offers, and you're left with the poorly functioning buttons to boot. I don't find an Origami cover for the Oasis and given that part of the battery is in the cover, one wouldn't want to use such a cover anyway.So, after thoroughly exploring Kindle options, I choose the Paperwhite with Fintie Origami cover over other options, regardless of price.
Saved money on this purchase because it was a refurbished model and that was great. This is the ad supported version - something that is also fine with me. The ads are only there when you fire up the Kindle. They go away when you swipe to start reading. Hey, since I have to swipe anyway this is no big deal to me.This unit works fine. The only reason I am giving it 4 stars instead of 5 is because of a small imperfection in the display when reading at night. The very bottom of the screen has some slightly uneven lighting that makes the screen look like it has a subtle smudge at the bottom. The smudge doesn't affect my ability to read the text at all but can be a small distraction since the rest of the display is perfectly lit.Overall, this is a great upgrade (I still have the original Kindle with the physical keyboard). I love reading in the evening with this and the paper white display is awesome in the daylight. The weight of the Kindle is great and I don't get tired holding it. It is very easy to navigate and the touchscreen works very well.I have no regrets with this purchase. There is a tremendous selection of cases on Amazon for the Kindle and I was able to pick one up for a very low price. The case provides just the right amount of protection without bulking up the unit.
Here's a quick summary:Buy the special offers version - it's great and the offers are book related. Also pay some more and get the back light version - If you can't afford the $119, then spend $79 and get a refurbished kindle from Amazon which comes with the backlight! It has the same warranty and it looks and feels brand new.Long Version:I love it when I see companies taking customer feedback into consideration. Before buying my kindle I saw a review talking about annoying ads on screensaver and showing a photo of an advert about 20% trash bags. That had me a little turned off but I bought the cheap, special offers kindle anyways. You can always pay up $20 later on and removed them.To my surprise, it seems like Amazon has removed all those annoying (and kind of disgusting) ads from the Kindle. All I can see are book deals, kindle unlimited deals, and other *book related* special offers. In my opinion these are not too bad and I actually like them. On occasion I might see a book that looks promising and then go ahead and download a sample for it.The display is also very clear which is a great change from my old Nook GlowLight. Also, my GlowLight had more light on some places on the display which made for uncomfortable reading and also the light on it was way too blue for me. On the kindle you can't really see the source of the light and the entire display is bright and light up evenly. Also the light is not as blue but can seem a bit blue when you set the light to max.Something I really enjoy about it is the "send to kindle" feature. I love reading on a kindle or on paper and I hate reading on the computer so the "send to kindle" feature is awesome. You can basically install a widget on your web browser (Chrome, Firefox, Safari etc) and with the click of a button the article that you have open on your browser is send to your kindle to read later.One thing to note - since there are no buttons on this kindle (apart from the power button), you can turn the page of your book by touching anywhere on the display. This can be a little bit annoying when all you want is to actually go back to the home screen. After a while of clicking all over the screen to find out how to go back or open settings to dim the light etc, I found out that you are supposed to touch the top of the screen.. there's like a secret top bar which is not visible but when you touch it, it brings up the toolbar that can be used to open the settings or go back to the home screen etc.
I am an owner of the original Kindle Fire and Kindle Touch 3G. I love them because they both serve their purposes. Now with a lot of free time, I decide to hone my reading skills by investing in a new Kindle e-Reader with better resolution and backlight for night time reading. After going through reviews after reviews on how good Amazon's latest Kindle Oasis is, I purchased their refurbished version because I trust their words on promises that their refurbished devices passed rigorous testing and is just like new.BIG MISTAKE!!!Blacklight blobs was all over the edge which was so annoying! I immediately returned the device and bought the Paperwhite instead.Surprise! Surprise! Surprise! No back light blobs, no shadows, no bleeds...How could this be, Amazon?
I really wanted to love the paperwhite. I have the first kindle fire from 2011 and have been wanting a paperwhite so I could read without the glare of the fire and also something much lighter than my old one.I've been wanting one for over a year and finally got one on Prime day for the great deal they had.I got it 2 days later and was disappointed with the shadow effects made along the bottom from the 4 LEDs for the backlight. I tried turning down the brightness and just giving it some time to get used too. I googled this issue and see articles that it is common and well known to Amazon. Although when I called customer service, they had no idea what I was trying to explain. So they sent me another one. I compared the two and they both had the same shadowing...one had lighting that was more white and the other was more yellow. The replacement one had a 1/2" vertical scratch on the left bottom of the screen. And the original one I had received now had a small bright white dot on the bottom right. So they both went back and I just received the THIRD one.Same shadowing along the bottom...very disappointing.I love the feel of the kindle and the weight is perfect. Just wish it didn't have this distracting shadowing.It's seems to be "normal" because of the lighting but they should disclose that or at least show it its pictures or when demonstrating the product.
Fantastic! In my job there is a lot of downtime. I like to read to pass the time and stay alert. For years I ignored the advice of others telling me to get a Kindle for glare free reading. I figured, I have this phone with a jumbo screen, why would I want to carry one more thing in addition to everything else? The glare free part is the key. For the last several years I have had to come up with all kinds of different solutions for positioning my phone in a way I could easily see the screen to read but also have a chance of being able to see through the glare.I was talking with a coworker who was amused by my contortions one day at work and he loaned me his Kindle for the day. Just to try it out. There were shafts of light from the heavens and a chorus of angles singing - but no glare! No eye strain. No unusual and backbreaking seating positions. I'm sold. A convert. No looking back. I bought the Kindle Paperwhite and a thin little case with a magnetic cover flap. The combo fits in my lunchbox. It's light enough I don't mind holding it and with the adjustable font size I can set it so I don't need my reading glasses. The long lasting battery is nice also.
I've had my Paperwhite for a month now, and that might not be a long enough wait to do a proper review, so I'll have to return with an update in a few months. Here is my impression of the device a few weeks in:I made the switch from the Kindle app on the iPad mini 2 to the Kindle Paperwhite and immediately felt a difference! I'll go more into comparing the two, as they both have pros and cons to take into account. let's talk about how the paperwhite holds up on its own for now.Weight: The device is incredibly light. I paired mine with a Fintie case, but I debated on adding a case at all -- on its own, it's easy to hold and feels good in my hands.Lighting: I briefly owned the last generation Paperwhite and I thought it was great, but the uneven lighting and the many dust particles under the screen had me questioning the price. My latest Paperwhite still has uneven lighting, but it's so slight I don't even notice. Be warned, however: dust particles are fairly common with these devices. They're not like dead pixels, which are easy to stop seeing after a few days... dust particles catch the light from the paperwhite and shine like tiny stars on the page, sometimes casting shadows across text. You can't stop seeing them. I'd suggest you buy the device at a physical location and ask them if you can inspect it right then and there so you know if you've gotten a Paperwhite with this problem. I bought mine at an Amazon device kiosk and did just that.Bookerly: Goodness, I love Bookerly. I felt the difference reading with it when the Kindle app introduced it to iOS, and it's even better on the Paperwhite.Personal benefit: I have a sensory problem that has gotten worse as I've gotten older, and I'm unable to handle paper or read physical books for more than a few moments, as it is extremely uncomfortable for me. (I know. It's weird.) I love to read, and Amazon's Kindle devices and apps have allowed me to continue consuming stories despite my aversion to the texture of paper. I am grateful for this. I personally feel the non-tablet Kindles are not as advanced as they ought to be at this stage -- they've been out for a long time, and Amazon focuses too much on the Kindle Fire and not enough on their e-ink devices. That being said, the Paperwhite is one purchase I do not regret making.Versus the iPad:Readability: the iPad mini 2 has been my main reading device for well over a year, and I definitely prefer reading on the Kindle Paperwhite. The eyestrain I'd suffer from the iPad limited my reading sessions to less than a half an hour a night, and I'd sometimes suffer terrible headaches for giving in to that "just one more chapter" urge. When Bookerly was introduced, I did feel less fatigue while reading, but not by much.Reading on the kindle, however, has no time limit. My eyes don't tire, water, or itch; my head doesn't hurt if I read for an hour. I can read before bed and fall asleep quickly right after, without the glow of the screen burned in my mind. There are no visible finger smears blurring the words and the text is clear, sharp, and easy on the eyes. If you want a Kindle, but can't justify purchasing one because you have an tablet or a giant phone with the Kindle app, I urge you to get one anyway. You'll more than see the difference. You'll FEEL it.Interface: Where the iPad beats the Kindle into a pulp is the iOS Kindle app. My experience with the Kindle Paperwhite's library system and menu has been terrible. It's difficult to navigate, my collections don't ever load correctly, and overall a cumbersome experience that takes away rather than adds to the Kindle Paperwhite's charm. the Kindle app, however, is easy to use, and I still rely on iOS's kindle app to organize my library and deal with my collections (even though collections won't load on my Paperwhite for some reason).That's my review. I hope it helps! All in all, my Kindle is one of my favorite devices. I stare at screens all day for work, and I look forward to spending my bus ride reading on a device that doesn't make me feel like I'm going blind using it. :) The Kindle is the closest thing to reading a physical book I can get, and as a person who loves to read, I am so incredibly thankful for its existence.
I use Kindle since they were created. I went through the first one, the DX, the keyboard, the e reader, the paperwhite, the voyager and the oasis. The last two and new ones I had to return to Amazon, they both had mechanical problems, like not turning pages, freezing, not able to open, etc. etc. and I bought again another paperwhite, because the old one I already gave to a friend.The Kindle Oasis is the best of all because of the weight and the flexibility to use with only one hand, and also its smaller, but with the same size reading screen. I do not know if mine was defective or not, but I decided to go to the secure one: THE PAPERWHITE.Im retired and read a lot, of course I would love the kindle Oasis that works perfect, but Im not going to pay for another one because Im retired and with a very fix income. Of course if Amazon wants for me to try a new one for free ill try again, and if does not have the problems of the first one, then Ill use it and write a good review,  but for now the kindle Paperwhite is the most reliable to read for many hours. I have over 600 books in my Kindle.Thank you for the opportunity to express my experience.
This is the 3rd Kindle I've owned and my second most favorite one by far. The only thing I miss is the button to actually turn the page over tapping the screen. This is my own issue and I don't hold it against the Kindle. I love the back light and how bright it can get. It works flawlessly! I love not having to have a separate light on just to read and I don't bother anyone around me while reading. I wish I would have upgraded myself when this came out and not waited so long. My Kindle Paperwhite does have a smudgy black bar at the bottom of the screen and after reading other reviews and forums, it looks like this is because of the back light. I was hoping that by waiting so long to buy this Kindle, they would have figured out a way to  fix this. It was one of those things that makes you panic after pulling it out of the box. The battery life on this is great so far, but I've never had a problem with the battery on other Kindles. I charged it after getting it in the mail and after 30 hours of reading, my battery bar is almost completely full. Overall, I love this Kindle and would definitely recommend it to anyone else looking to buy a Kindle.
I love my new Paper White Kindle.  I was using a 5-year old Kindle Fire.  The Fire, at 409 grams, is twice the weight of the Paper White.  My wrist was starting to hurt from reading the Fire at night.  My wrist feels so much better with the new Paper White.  Also, I had to charge the fire nearly every other day.  I have charged the paper white twice since I've owned it.  And lastly, I couldn't read outside with the Fire.  No problem with the Paper White.Of course with both readers I can read I the dark by the light of the E-reader and I have downloaded several books for 0.99$ to 1.99$.
I LOVE IT.!  It took me over a year to let loose the money for it. .At 6 inches it just sounded so small.  I was reading my books either on a 8 inch tablet or a laptop.  Not really a great way to read.  As both are too big and heavy.  The kindles came on sale again.  The kindle paperwhite was a good price and had all I needed.  I brought it.  It's a real nice size.  It's lightweight.  I love I can read in the dark or outside in bright sunlight.  I just tap gently on the right side of the page to "turn" the page.  You can tap at the top for a drop down menu.  You can change the font.  You can change size of the font.  You can make the light bright or dim.  I like the font, it's size and the brightnest it came set on.  You can highlight things.  If you don't know a word, you hold your finger on it to highlight it.  The definition will appear.  You can bookmark pages.  I like when I close the case, it turns off and back on when you open it.  I paid the lower price and get ads for kindle books.  It comes up when you open the cover.  Just swipe and you get your book.  There are no ads while you read.  So to me it's not worth paying a higher price for no ad.  The last page you were reading comes up.  Or you can have the home page come up first.  You can go to the kindle book store right on it.  When I got it, I plugged it in to charge the battery.  A cable comes so you can charge it on you computer.  If you have a droid phone, you can use their plug in the wall cords to charge it.  So there's no reason to buy one.  Once that was done I opened it up.  It showed me what I needed to do to set it up.  I put my kindle username and password and downloaded all my books.  It's so light which surprised me.  Lighter than a paperback book.  The size is just right.  I didn't get a kindle cover.  To high priced for me.  I got a Fintie cover.  It looks and feels like leather.  I know it's not but it is real nice.  I got the purple one.  Very pretty color.  It has a nice design on the front.  Even with the cover it's light.  Fintie makes these covers for the kindle paperwhite.
Simply, it is exactly what my imagination would create as the ideal dedicated e-reader.I won't give up my iPad anytime soon, so to those who complain that the Kindle & Paperwhite readers don't run apps or have color displays, I agree and insist that the Paperwhite does not replace the function range of a tablet lime a iPad, Kindle Fire, or an Androud or Windows tablet. An "ordinary" Kindle is a device which is purpose-designed to do one thing very well: it holds a lot of text, and makes it easy to read and handy to keep nearby. My PC is like my roll-off tool chest; my MacBook, a portable toolbox; my iPad, my Leatherman Wave multitool. My Kindle Paperwhite, though, is like the little pen knife that's on my keychain. It only does one thing, but it's something I do all the time, in all kinds of places, often with little advance notice of the opportunity, and when I find need of it, I need it to go to work for me in seconds and to keep going for unknown lengths of time.I'm on my 6th noevl since I initially charged my Paperwhite upon removing it from the package. I still show a little under 1/2 battery power remIning, and I've been using the screen light constantly.Navigating works with footbotes, endnotes, and hyperlinks is no problem. Of course, if hyperlinks lead to references external to the work I'm reading, I need to be in wifi service, but this is true for any work in any OS environment. One case in point is the Life Application Study Bible, which constantly links out to notes, concordance, other citstions within the publication, glossaries, and maps. I am able to easily check all of those and return to where I started without losing track of snything.I have only loaded a few PDFs, such as Visitors' Guides for vacation and travel attractions, and they are easy to unpinch-zoom. They only display in full-page view as they load and only in portait orientation, but it's still handy.What's unique to me about the Paperwhite is how little its screen light bothers my wife as I read in bed, as opposed to the dazzling light show my iPad seems to throw around the room. I also feel no eye strain reading from it as I usually do with the iPad in a completely dark room.The ads only display on the "lock screen" and so far they seem to be somewhat tailored to my interests, falling within the styles and genres of items already in my Kindle cloud on Amazon. There are no pop-ups while reading, navigating, nor any other activity once I've moved past the lock screen. I actually appreciate the suggestions.It fits into a jacket pocket, glove box, above a windshield visor, or my wife's purse with ease.Overall, after living with my Paperwhite for about a month, I now guard it well so that it can serve for several years. I don't wish to be without it, bo matter where I go.
I got this 4 days ago. So far I absolutely love it. I've never had a Kindle and I compared each model before deciding on the Paperwhite. The next model up (Voyager)  was identical in features in every aspect except one (the sensor light) when compared side to side but the cost was quite a bit more. Although my friend has the Voyager and there are more than one different features. Physically it's the same size screen but mine has a beveled edge around the screen and hers is flat. Mine you press the screen to turn pages and hers has small pressure points on the outside of the screen. Not really something that was such a huge difference as to convince me to spend the extra 100$. Also, I recommend getting a case. My skin oils and fingerprints are all over it and that's a peeve of mine. A case will keep it clean and protected. I found one I liked that was reasonably priced.The only complaint I have is Kindle says the battery will last four to six weeks if you read for 30 minutes a day with the screen light on. I've been reading off and on a few hours a day but with the light off and my battery is almost dead. In four days. So, I'm a little surprised at the difference in battery life from the description, specifically since I've been keeping the backlight off which should compensate somewhat for the difference in battery life. Otherwise I'm very happy with my Kindle and would recommend it highly to anyone considering buying.
I went to the Amazon store hoping to replace my Kindle fire and iPad as a reader because these two items are nice, but they come with too many distractions: email, movies, notifications, music, games etc. I wanted a dedicated book reader minus all of these things.I found myself fondly thinking back to the days when I had owned a 2nd Generation Kindle, and how much I had enjoyed just reading, so last week I found myself in the Amazon store in Seattle's University Village mall. The new Kindles were much smaller than the 2nd Generation Kindle, and they had no keypads. I looked through each model and ended up choosing the Kindle Paperwhite E-Reader. It did everything my old Kindle did but it was smaller, lighter and it's charge lasts longer. I have yet to charge it up after my first charge when I purchased it. The back light is great and you can adjust it for any environment. Also the device synced flawlessly to my Amazon account so I was able to download my rather large book collection in short order.I love my new reader,and I don't go anywhere with out it. It was a very good purchase.
I love reading on this device, which my husband got for me in advance of a month of travel of planes, trains, and boats. Why I'm not giving it 4 stars: Whenever I turned on device, I'd be served an ad for some book I would never buy. Amazon charged me $20 plus an extremely sketchy "sales tax" of 14% (close to double my local sales tax) to turn off those "special offers." This seems quasi-extortionist. My home page still has recommendations listed along the bottom. At least those recommendations seem connected in some way to my book purchases, but I still wish I could use this real estate in my own way, as I'm perfectly able to select & buy my own books without their help. But once you start *reading,* it's lovely. Just be aware of all the marketing that comes loaded with device.
I can't do without it. Puts me to sleep every night, and when you don't turn the page for a certain length of time, it turns off by itself. What could be better? Well, maybe a little less bright would be appreciated. And maybe if it was not a bluish white light, it might help me fall asleep faster. But since that option hasn't been invented yet, I'll take the kindle as is.Lastly, putting books on, removing them, and even sharing them with others in the family is a cinch. Library books? No problem. And you can even put the books in alphabetical order, or newest to oldest etc, which I find very convenient.How to use it when you're a side sleeper: prop the reader against a pillow, or put a phone pop-up on the back of the kindle,  with a pop-up holder mounted on a book-end. When you turn over, you revolve the kindle 180 degrees, and you're good to go.
I took a long time to decide to replace my original Kindle (the very first one ever made) but the battery was not holding a charge anymore so I bought a new Paperwhite. Here's what I think.Pros:Excellent screen with great readability and excellent resolutionBacklighting that allows reading in the dark (something the old one didn't have)Long battery lifeEasier access to configuration settings, i.e. better user interfaceCons:Proprietary user interface which makes it very hard, even impossible, to organize books the way you like. It's OK if you have a dozen books on your Kindle, but I have hundreds and keep them in collections. On the old Kindle I used Calibre and a plugin to organize my collections very easily. None of this works with the new Kindle firmware, so I have to manually create a collection and put each book into it individually. One of my former collections had over 100 books in it, and doing that one by one is not much fun.The same proprietary user interface makes it impossible to personalize your Kindle, with, for example, a picture of your kids as the sreensaver.The touchscreen is great, but when you're used to an older model without a touch sensitive screen and you have a habit of holding the reader with at least one finger or thumb on the screen, it takes some getting used to. It's also not as comfortable to hold only by the edges.Overall:A very good e-reader made very frustrating because the firmware needs to be made more open and customizable. This is not an application that controls my bank account, it simply allows me to read electronic books. Why can't I use it the way I want? Why doesn't the Kindle for PC app allow any decent access to the reader's internal memory? Why is it so hard to organize collections of books?
I know, everyone loves physical books. Escaping the digital world, turning paper pages for a riveting tale, and there's something about enjoying a pastime others have been doing for centuries. I was really on the fence about getting a Kindle and abandoning my books (spoiler alert: you can still own a Kindle AND buy physical books).However, Amazon really hit a home run on the Kindle. It does one thing and one thing well: allows you to read on the go. There are no push notifications or temptations to check your FB/Instagram/Twitter. The e-ink display fools you into believing it's an actual page on a book rather an eye-straining retina display. The battery life is very generous and can last up to a month. The Kindle design is big enough to read but small enough to hold in one hand yet it can even fit in the pockets of my pants. I would still suggest buying a case cover for it though to help with drops or scratches.Pros:- can hold over a thousand books- lightweight + easy to carry- e-ink makes it easy to read- long battery lifeThere are not too many cons to the Kindle. If I had to be nit-picky, the suggestion I would offer is a Night Mode display. Don't get me wrong, the Paperweight display is still easy on the eyes for nighttime reading but it would it'd be exceptionally if we could adjust the "warmth" of the display to a yellow or orange color.Go with the Paperweight since the other models are just overkill. The wifi version is perfectly fine and I went with ads-included. If you're wondering, the ads are just a quick display of book suggestions when you turn on the device, so it's not something that pops up every 8 pages. You can also pay to remove it later if you find it distracting.PS: If you're not in a hurry to buy one, Amazon drops the price down ~20% every few months.
I have the original Kindle made by Amazon years ago.  I can't bear to part with it because I have grown to love the devices as the years have progressed.  I recently purchased my Paperwhite to upgrade from my Kindle Keyboard (wifi only) and decided to spring for the 3G access as well because I don't always have the ability to tether my phone to my wifi only devices to get internet access.  Sometimes I feel like browsing the Kindle store as I'm trying to relax before bed.  So happy I got the 3G version!  I held off on making it ad-free, thinking I would see how it went first.  I have to say that the special offers are really not that bad!  They are rather unobtrusive on the lockscreen and are rather tastefully placed at the bottom of the screen when the device is unlocked.  I find myself frequently investigating whatever is on special offer.  I mean, I already buy from Amazon with shocking frequency, so whatever I'm seeing advertised is (spookily) tailored to my interests and shopping trends.  After shopping with them for the last 17 years, I think Amazon knows more about me than my mother, therefore I am not surprised at whatever is advertised according to my interests.  The texture of the screen is just right in my opinion. Not too smooth, not too rough.  The touch screen is not as sensitive as i was led to believe it would be.  I thought I would be inadvertently changing pages all the time, but that has not been the case.  I can lay it down and pick it up without being too precise and know that I will not lose my place because of the screen sensitivity.  It is pretty precise when tapping out words on the on-screen keyboard, so don't expect it to be as responsive as a regular tablet.  If you want that, then just go buy a Fire or a regular tablet.  The size is just right to toss in my bag for work and it's easy to hold in one hand.  And can we talk about the light??  You know how as a kid you'd try to stay up after bedtime by taking the flashlight under the blanket with you so you could read your new book?  That's how it is for me now (sounds stupid I know haha)  but I LOVE the light.  Makes reading in the dark a joy again.  It's not always convenient to have a light on in the bunk when my husband is trying to sleep.
Absolutely love my kindle paperwhite. I am a die hard book lover and never thought I would ever go digital. But the convenience is just too much. It is so light weight and small in size that it's very portable. It's nice to be able to read in bed without need for bright overhead lighting. No glare from screen; no more struggling with books that flip over or won't be held flat. Was initially concerned that I would want a larger reading screen/area but I have adjusted and prefer the compact nature of it.I guess the only draw back to a kindle is if your are using it to read a reference type book. Then it's difficult (or I haven't learned how to do it yet) to mark pages and flip back to re-read a section. Still prefer paper books for that.Also love that I can download books from my public library and free samples from Amazon before I purchase. Also love that you can "borrow" one free book from kindle per month.Battery charging is very good as well and an initial charge held for a long reading period and it has quick recharge time.Definitely glad I bought one
Have had a Kindle 2nd generation for years. Could not figure out how to update software so bought a newer model. Can't figure out how to use it. Very awkward from older model. Major problem, on old one my books are listed as ordered and when I remove one I have read, it went into the archive. When I transferred my list to new Kindle the books are scrambled. Now I don't know which ones are new and which ones I have read. We are talking years of books. New one is awkward to navigate, guide book is not much help because you read the instruction and then have to go and do it. Then refind your place in guidebook. I have not used new Kindle since purchase, I am staying with my old version because it is simple and it works.
The Kindle Paperwhite is a really great product, especially for the price. I actually downgraded from the Voyage (after I left it in the pocket of an airplane seat and was assured it would be returned to me) I loved my Voyage and it was equipped with the free 3G; while I do miss the flexibility of  being able to download a book anywhere there really is not much else I miss. The Paperwhite E-reader is a little bigger, but for me it actually maybe a little easier to hold and I notice no difference in performance.  I got the Paperwhite on special and thought it would work as a temporary replacement until I could afford to up-grade. I will not be upgrading any time soon. Don't get me wrong the Voyage is a great product, but for me there really is not enough of a difference between the two to notice a perceivable contrast in performance. Both have the 300 ppi resolution which is an important if you read a lot (this was not so when I originally bought my Voyage). I also bought a generic cover which works great and is very attractive and colorful. The other thing I really like about my Paperwhite, which is a little silly is the color. I prefer the white to black. This is a great e-reader and I am someone who reads a lot. The battery life is great, but I wish when I first open it it would show me how much battery life it has. On both the Voyage and the Paperwhite you you have to go back to the library to see how much battery life you have and because the battery life is so good I sometime forget to check to see if I need to charge the device. I have to say for someone who uses her Kindle everyday this is Kindle Paperwhite is a great device and I would not spend the extra money on the Voyage.
Didn't buy on Amazon, as couldn't live one more day without my Kindle when my other one died!! I love the Paperwhite. Recently, on a plane, the passenger next to me said, "That looks just like paper!" Cracked me up, as I have never thought so, though have used a Paperwhite for about 4 years now. What I like, is I wake up in the middle of the night, and due to the backlight feature, I actually do read myself back to sleep within minutes, as I don't need another light source. I have been a Kindle fanatic for going on 10 years now. Not sure how I lived without one. Travel? I used to take 5-8 books on each trip and leave them behind as I finished. I now take literally thousands of books along and never have to worry about being without something to read! Unless I lose my Kindle! I did that once, and had one overnighted, when no store in that town had one in stock!! I almost didn't buy this one, being afraid of the white case. It actually makes it easier to find when I leave it lying around. No problem with looking dirty after fingerprints, which had worried me.
I've had a Kindle Keyboard since 2010.  I love, love, love my Kindle Keyboard.  The Kindle Keyboard was near perfect except when it came to reading in dimly lit places, so I finally decided to get the Kindle Paperwhite for Christmas in 2016.  I like the new Paperwhite a lot, but I noticed several deficiencies compared to my old Keyboard.  --  If you've never had a Kindle and you like to read, I can't recommend one highly enough.  If you have an older Kindle and are thinking about buying this one, the Paperwhite is probably an improvement, but it isn't magnitudes better.Flaws:1) Freezing issues - My Paperwhite has frozen three times in the three days I've owned it, as opposed my old Keyboard which has frozen once in over 6 years.  It's not a big deal to restart the Paperwhite, but it is disconcerting since I've grown accustomed to flawless operation from my Kindle.2) Battery life - The advertised battery life is weeks.  Maybe I read a long time, but there's no way this battery will last weeks.  I've turned down the brightness and always turn off the WiFi when not in use.  I need to study other battery saving options. --  If I'm lucky, this battery will last a week between charges. By contrast, my old Keyboard when it was new would last two months between charges.  It still lasts a month between charges now after six years.3) Weight - Not a big deal, but it is a couple of ounces heavier and fatter than my previous e-reader.  It weighs little more than a paperback book, so this isn't a big issue.
What a great product! I highly reccomend this for any bookworm looking to want to have a portable library in their bag or purse. It's only about the size of a smaller paperback book, but as thin as a pen or pencil, so it fits pretty well in most standard ipad or samsung pouch/cases if you're looking for some added protection while traveling with it. Its clear, easy on the eyes and pretty basic to use, so again, highly reccomend this to any bookworm.Now, for the cons. This thing was irritating to figure out initially. Its got a pretty slow response time upon initial tap, so learning to be a little patient with it does wonders. My biggest problem with this is that you HAVE TO buy the books if you do not want yo have to go through the difficult process of trying to find and download free books (trust me, its harder than it sounds). Its also got very minimal settings options, but what can you expect from a low-end OS built only for the sole purpose of flipping through PDF and Epub files? It has an experimental browser option, but its really not worth the use. Might as well hit up Amazon or Kindle and buy your books from either a tablet or your computer or phone, then download it to the reader.All in all, even with the cons, this is a wonderful product. If you're willing to figure it out too, digging around the worldwide web for some free books is definitely worth the time and effort.
Although the readability in direct sunlight is impressive, Im not all that convinced about the black & white display quality when compared to other displays. For example, when reading texts containing figures, graphs or descriptive images the display is too rough to clearly see what the writer is illustrating and there is no way I have found to view them close up. Also, navigating around the text seems too cumbersome. Where are the page numbers? Pages flip too easily to. Just barely touching inside the screen flips several pages forward breaking my concentration and comprehension. All of this may just be ME but I still think my iPad does a better job, although it IS considerably more expensive. I would still buy one to use around the pool or anywhere outdoors because that is where it really is superior.
I was hesitant to purchase another e-reader as my old B&N; Nook is 7 years old and I stopped using it some time ago.  However, I realized after our last vacation how annoying it is to pack and lug books!  So as soon as we returned I purchased the Kindle Paperwhite and am so happy I did!  So much has changed with e-readers since my Nook!  The ease of use is by far the best.  It is very easy to navigate the Kindle to make purchases, skip pages, etc.  My favorite physical feature is the time left in chapter on the bottom left corner.  My absolute FAVORITE part of the Kindle is being an Amazon Prime member and all of the kindle perks!!!  Like free Prime Reading books AND the Kindle First program!  I am now addicted to my Kindle and can't put it down!  Thank you Amazon for this amazing piece of technology and the added Prime membership perks!!!
I put off buying a Kindle for the longest time. I love to read and read constantly. I purchased an iPad mini a few years ago and I thought my tablet reading needs were met. At the urging of my husband, I purchased this Kindle Paperwhite for Christmas last year. It is incredible. If anyone is reading on an iPad, stop right now and buy this. This revolutionizes the reading experience. I could never go back and now I hardly ever use my iPad. Everyone says it, but you won't get it until you read on a Kindle; it looks like paper! I'm constantly surprised when it does something with wifi, because I get absorbed into a book and then realize I'm actually using a piece of technology disguised as a book. The screen is legible even in full sunlight. It also features a very low, low lighting for reading in bed, at night, when you don't want to wake up your spouse. Very handy.Occasionally the screen doesn't respond the first time I tap it. That would be the only con I have. I love the airplane mode which extends your battery life significantly. I like that you can change the font size. I also use Kindle Unlimited so the reading experience is seamless. I do not use a case or screen protector of any kind.
This kindle was amazing and I would have suggested you buy it... HOWEVER, mine is 5 months old, I BARELY used it for the first 2-3 months of its' life, and already it has been freezing a lot. And just last night I spent quite a while talking to a representative because the parental controls were on (I am 20) and I could not turn them off. The representative kept telling me how to do it, only one problem: my kindle apparently did not have the correct menu. After a failed attempt to manually update the kindle, the representative said I should send it in for repairs and they will either fix it or send a replacement, which I guess is okay...However... this problem bothers me on many levels. For one, when I bought this kindle I expected it to last A LOT longer than 5 months. Secondly, what would have happened if the year of warranty had been up??? I am not made of money. I cannot possibly buy another one. I expected this to last AT THE VERY LEAST 2 years, but really it should last more.  Third, I love my kindle, I really do, but I do not want to live in fear that it will crap out on me soon. What if they fix it and it breaks again? What if the replacement they send is worse? And don't even get me started if they accidentally send a replacement that has ads, I will flip out. I could just ask for a refund, but then I would be kindle-less. And I love the kindle too much to not have one...Overall I am just really disappointed in Amazon's quality. Maybe I just have really bad luck and got one of the bad ones, because this is the kindle with the highest rating and the most reviews. But anyways, I'll keep you updated on what happens to my kindle.
Love this thing!  As an avid reader from an early age, I hung onto the idea of reading physical books as a point of tradition (or as I liked to frame it, as a reading "purist").  I finally gave in, though, and bought one mostly to make it easier to read in bed without disturbing my wife after she would go to sleep.  And honestly, I have not looked back since - I just regret not buying in sooner!  I literally have been flying through two books a week, without any of the lead times in ordering the next book, let alone running short on shelf space after. And aside from being great for travel,  I  actually find there is less strain on my eyes when reading in varying lighting.Took me awhile to come around, but this is a must-have for anyone that enjoys reading!
I wasn't planning on posting a review. However, something happened that prompted me to go ahead and post a review of this amazing device.I was well into a nice space opera book on my Kindle Paperwhite when I caught myself talking, rather loudly, to the device in response to what was happening in the story within the book. It occurred to me at that moment that the Kindle had 'disappeared' and allowed me to immerse myself in the book so fully that I felt as if I were living inside the story rather than reading text on a screen. That is the defining mark of a good e-reader.Thank you, Amazon, you've made a new friend.
I've had a kindle since kindles existed and I love them.  The Paperwhite is taking a bit of getting used to for me, the huge plus is the backlighting, no more straining by a faint light at night or an awkward clip light, but the screen feels thick and it's taking some getting used to to turn the page.  Thankfully the instinct to tap right to advance or left to go back worked, but also a swipe motion does as well.  Getting to the menus isn't as easy but once there all the info is handy.  Overall I'm satisfied but it's going to take a little longer to love.
Received my "Paper White" as a gift.  I already have an older "standard" (with keyboard) Kindle, plus a couple of Android Devices that I have installed the "Kindle Ap" on.  Sad to say, this is the first time I have been truly disappointed by an Amazon device.  My experienc so far is, to put it mildly "Hugely Disappointing"!  It seems not to want to download or display my fairly good sized library.  Says it downloaded, but then I can't find the book. It is not anywhere near as "intuitive" as older "Kindles" (but then I am less than 'keen' on Windows 10 also).  I speak DOS and Assembler amongst other 'ancient' languages.  An Ap laden screen on a computer, masquerading as a Tablet does not impress.Last but far from least: My "Paper White" is "Hung"  A Big Empty Box overlaying everything on the screen, which seems to have no means for removal has rendered my Paper White as totally useless!
I recently switched from the most recent Nook to a Paperwhite, purely to take advantage of my Prime membership's free books/discounts in the Kindle store. So far I'm pretty impressed - the ecosystem is absolutely the reason to have one of these. Kindle prices are stellar and there are no shortage of great options for less than $5. Plus the Kindle is integrated with GoodReads - I had no idea about that feature, so it was a really pleasant surprise when I set it up. Plus it's dictionary is responsive and simple, and the home screen is easy to navigate and the "sponsored content" is relatively subtle.The device itself is good too - but not great. The screen is responsive, the battery good, the weight just right. But Nook wins when it comes to build. Firstly, the Paperwhite is pure plastic so it feels cheap. The Nook is aluminum and much more expensive-feeling despite the same price point. On the Paperwhite, the screen bezels are raised from the screen, allowing dust and crumbs to quickly accumulate in the small space between. The Nook is flat and avoids that. And finally, the Paperwhite isn't waterproof like the Nook.Despite all that, I prefer the Kindle. I use it for reading books. The Paperwhite offers more of them at less cost. Period.
Can I just say I love this kindle.  I have owned two other kindles before this - the original fire, the rebooted fire and now this.  Pros - small, wonderful surface texture and ease of use.  I love the screen and the way it is lit and easy on the eyes when I am reading during the day or if I am in bed and my husband is asleep and I don't want to have a light on to wake him.  I get screen headaches from the fire, my iPhone, etc and I find I don't have that issue with the paper white at all.  The ability to read in the car in full sun is WONDERFUL, as is the fact that now I can sit on my porch on sunny days and still see the screen.  I love that I can change or remove the time/page left in the book.  There are times when I want to know and times when I just want to be lost in my book.  The ability to change fonts, as well as sizes and boldness is also quite nice.Cons - there is no night mode.  One of the best thing about the kindle has always been the night mode.  I can totally dim the paper white and it is ok but it is not the same as if it had black screen ability.  It lags badly when looking up new books.  It is not my wifi.  My house has a lot of kindles amongst the members and I find it is easier to use my phone to find new books then just send them to my paper white.  Also - it can be too sensitive and I accidentally seem to change the font to HUGE way too often.  Another con is the charging port is on the bottom - WHY???  My other kindles have all been retired or sent back for exchange when the charging port fails.  If it was at top, I could use it and not have to have the cord bent.  Also, I am NOT finding the expected long times before charges.  A few days or so it seems, unless I put it on airplane mode to shut off the wi-fi.  Also I found the fact that it came with a charging cord but NOT a charing base annoying.  I have lots of micro cords of various lengths (for kindles even from my others) but only one base so it would have been nice to have one included.Over all I LOVE my paperwhite and can't believe took so long to buy one. This was a requested Valentine's present and I don't leave home with out it now.
I love this paperwhite!!! I have found it easy to use and understand, but I did try and use a kindle fire for a bit and the use is a lot like that so I didnt have trouble like others have said they are having. I love not having to have a light on my kindle any more (I had a keyboard kindle that I wouldnt give up before this one and only made the switch because my keyboard was packed during our move and I couldnt go three months without a kindle lol) now I can always make the screen just bright enough to read in any situation and it really doesnt drain the battery like I thought it would. I did buy the free 3G option (had on my keyboard another reason I didnt want to give up my keyboard) this feature is a MUST for me because I do a lot of traveling and I love being able to jump on and buy the next book in a series if I need to without having to find internet. Hands down I would buy this guy again and I am a little sad it took me so long to give in and update my kindle.
VERY disappointed in the lack of availability of a sudoku app much less crossword app. You can only get ebooks from which you can print out puzzles. Traded in my older 5th generation paperwhite where these were a staple of my day. Reading books and articles is great, but sometimes you just want to exercise your brain for 15 minutes with a puzzle. My initial response to the updated home screen is unenthusiastic, but I will probably get used to it. The ability to queue titles for future reading will probably be appreciated as I acquire new material, but for now it just takes up needed room as I have not found a way to simply list my library rather than have large thumbnail pictures. Only 3 titles fit on the home screen and only 6 at a time on the "my library" screens.Picky point - why is the paperwhite the only version of Kindle that still does not have support for Audible? It's your own company, Amazon!Final picky question, why did only some titles download from my library during initial sync? Titles I had removed from my old device did not download (good, I was worried this would cause excessive download) but others that had still been on my old paperwhite were were NOT downloaded and I will have to manually get them. Odd.I have only had this 1 day so will update this review after I get better aquainted with this newer edition.Update 11/11/17:This is BAD. I thought the loss of app support in this new version just meant I could no longer have my brain teaser games (bad enough), but it also means I can't use it for titles available from my local library system. The app needed to convert the library's ebook format to Kindle display is no longer working. Looks like only content specifically formatted to Kindle specs will work. WTF Amazon! Why is your newest version of paperwhite LESS capable than previous versions? I have not yet tried PDF format on this new device and probably won't bother (never liked that format on the old version - too clunky to navigate).One minor positive update - I accidentally figured out how to change from thumbnail display to list display. The manual is wrong. Go to "my library" screen and touch the "all items" menu; you can toggle between grid and list views. Still have not found a way to have list view on the home screen.With trade-in and sale, this thing cost me about $40. I would have been better off with a refurbished older model. Changing rating from 3 stars to 1.
Change one: There is too much bezel for me. I would like to see less bezel on the top and bottom.Change two: There needs to be a home button. I find that going to the top of the screen to bring down the home button causes it to highlight things and not do what I want it to do.Change three: I thought I was getting the one with 3G included but did not. I feel all should include 3G or at the very least a SIM slot.Change four: Some of the books and periodicals change how they look. I would love to see everyone open and read like your reading a book. If you want to go to a certain chapter or page then bring down the home screen and type it in.Beyond that, I think it's not bad.6" is small but because of all the bezel on it makes the screen look even smaller. The side bezels I get so your not touching the screen all the time but the top and bottom ones no. I would love to see one that is 10" or even 11" in size that is bezel-less or almost.There should be a clear indication of which one your getting WiFi only or WiFi with 3G. Thought I was getting the WiFi 3G model but no. Got this to take with me to doctors appointments but without 3G I am stuck using their unsecured WiFi. Not sure if the data is encrypted or not but I would love to see Amazon have 512bit encryption or at the very least 256 both ways. The experimental browser in it is limited and most public WiFi requires you to go to their page to agree to their terms for using their WiFi it works great for most but I have found a few that use something that the Kindle will not show. Not sure if its flash or java but the Kindle will not let it show. This is where the built-in 3G would come in handy. I would even love to see a SIM slot so I could buy a SIM for it and stick it in and use it.Some of my comments are subjective and are not real deal breakers but there needs to be more polish for a $100+ device.
The one year warranty is not true. I hope someone at Amazon reads this. Right before my warranty was up, my kindle developed a 1/4" crack on the bottom right, about 1/3 of the way up from the bottom. The crack was from the inside. I felt nothing running my finger over the screen. I did not drop my precious kindle. I do subject it to extreme temperature changes that the advertising suggests is no problem. I live in Colorado. I sit in the hot tub while the ambient air temperature is 0 degrees F. I did that for about 2 weeks when I noticed the crack. When I called Amazon, I was passed around twice by 2 people who told me not to worry, the warranty people would take care of me. The warranty department did not take care of me. A gentleman who sounded about 20 years old, told me twice my warranty was void because I dropped my kindle. I assured him I never dropped my kindle. I offered to take a picture. There is not a scratch on it anywhere. I keep it in its cover except for the 2 to 3 hours a day I read it. I own hundreds of books and our family has 5 kindles. We never returned one. I was offended that he was insinuating I was a liar. He said the best he could do was give me 20% off a new one. I told him I would accept the offer under protest. He did not seem to care less. I do not know what I would do without my kindle paperwhite because it works at the beach and outside where other electronics overheat or I cannot see the writing. But do not expect Amazon to follow through on the warranty. I was sorely disappointed. When I think of how many thousands of dollars I spend not just on books but at Amazon in general, well ...
My wife and like to read a lot while we travel in our RV and a e-reader is great to take with you.  It does not take up much space and can store a huge number of books. HOWEVER the quality of the Kindle is POOR.  We have ordered five Kindles in the last 6 years.  They last only 9-18 months and have a tendency to fail just a few months after the one years warranty period.  Only one Kindle failed before the end of the warranty and Amazon replaced it free.  The failures included-  two failures associated with a "frozen" screen; one device would not turn on, and one of our current Kindles is developing a problem with its ability to charge.
I wish my book inventory were displayed in color as it is on the Kindle Fire. Otherwise, I like it very well, now that I have gotten used to its features. It does not lose my place in the book when closed or I look up something else. On the Kindle Fire I could easily lose my place and had a hard time finding it again. I like the smaller size and weight. best of all, I like that I can read in the sun which was nearly impossible on the Kindle Fire.
Was not a huge fan of this new paperwhite kindle and in fact I returned it. I bought it primarily for reading outside. I currently use my phone for more of my reading but as we all know that can prove difficult out in the sun so I wanted this alternative option. Once in an actual book the paperwork is very clear and easy to read and serves it purpose. The thing that I didn't like was the main screen and menus. They lagged and moved at a very slow pace. I know it is not the same as a tablet and expected that but this was pretty slow. Once in a while even turning the pages wasn't very responsive and got kind of frustrating. I owned the original white kindle paperwhite that Amazon came out with and loved that. It had the side buttons that turned the pages and the actual keyboard on the bottom. Kick myself every day for getting rid of that one because it still worked the best.
I bought this because I crashed my old Kindle Touch by having too many books on it.  I like the Paperwhite screen and the various options .... there was a significant learning curve on the first day because a lot of the features were in different places (and seemed rather "buried" to me).  When I called Kindle support I had an agent who knew less about the Paperwhite than I did.  At one point he asked if he could call me back "in five minutes."  I said OK and during the full hour I waited for him to call back, I fixed my own Paperwhite navigation problems.  This one holds 1,000 books and I am delighted about that.  Also much easier to read at night .... no more fiddling with clip-on lights.
The things I like about the Paperwhite:- I love the backlighting and the fact that I can adjust the brightness.- As a long-term Kindle user I'm delighted to be able to touch a word and have the definition come up immediately instead of having to scroll down.- Also appreciate the ease of changing dictionaries once the definition comes up.- The battery appears to last longer, though that may be because my first Kindle is now 6 years old and I use it every day for at least 3 or 4 hours.Thinks I don't like:- I read a lot of library books.  When I remove them from the Kindle I now have to also move them to an archive collection.  This used to be automatic.  Can't see any reason why this should be.- Setting up collections and moving books to them is now more complicated than it used to be.  Even when you move a book to a different collection and delete if from it's current collection, the listing doesn't disappear from the main screen unless you set the second sort function to Collections.  This was not intuitive and took me awhile to figure out.- The thing I like least about the touchscreen is that I often accidently bring up the change font size screen and change it in the process.  I then have to touch the top of the screen and bring up the menu bar and select the font size icon to change it back to the size I want.PREVIOUSLY UNMENTIONED PEEVE: the charging cord that comes with the Paperwhite is ridiculously short.  The charging cord from my first Kindle works with the Paperwhite, so it's not a big problem, but it's still quite annoying.  When that cord stops breaks, which it will because it's already frayed and I've duct-taped it, I will be unable to charge the Paperwhite while reading since the cord provided isn't long enough.I would give the Paperwhite a 5 star rating if it weren't for these glitches.MORE UPDATEI've learned to deal with most of the glitches I didn't like and while some issues are annoying overall I'm happier with the Paperwhite than with my original Kindle.A new glitch started happening where the screen would freeze and the only way to unfreeze it was to manually turn off the Paperwhite with the button at the bottom and then start it again.  I called customer service and they suggested holding the button for a full thirty seconds to re-boot rather than simply restarting and the screen stopped freezing.I also asked contact customer service about the problem with the font size change and they didn't have any suggestions.  THEN,  on my own, I discovered that I could easily recover simply by squeezing in or out on the screen to bring up the font menu, much as you change the size of the screen on a smart phone touchscreen.  It's a mystery why the customer service person didn't know this.  I would expect that this problem happens a lot and that customer service would know the solution.
I've only had this thing for about 5 days, however I am absolutely in love with it. I've never been one to read much on my iPhone or iPad, I just didn't like the way it felt and looked. I work in a school district so I have the summers off and I have been doing a lot of reading this summer so I asked for a Kindle for my birthday hoping that I would be able to get the same satisfaction out of the e-reader as a book. I wanted it to feel like I was reading a book rather than looking at a screen. I didn't want it to be too heavy that it made my hand tired to hold it, and I wanted to be able to lay on my side in bed and read it, which was always annoying with a regular book because there was no good way to hold it without my hand getting tired. It fits all my criteria. When the brightness is off, it is as if I am looking at a piece of paper straight out of a book. However, when I am reading in bed in the dark, I can easily turn the brightness up and don't have to worry about getting a book light or having a lamp on. It is very light weight, I haven't made my hand tired yet holding the Kindle and I've read about 6 books in the last 5 days, so basically my eyes have been glued to it. It's easy to connect to wifi and just as easy to download books. It is small enough to fit in my purse but is big enough to feel like I'm not reading on a tiny screen. I seriously can't think of anything I don't like about it.
I recently purchased the Kindle Paperwhite without special offers.  I thought long and hard about this purchase because I already have a third generation Kindle and an iPad Air with the Kindle app on it. However, there were several features on the latest version of the Kindle Paperwhite that finally convinced me to upgrade.  First of all, I live at the beach and love to read in a chair by the ocean. Its impossible to see anything on an iPad or on my older Kindle in bright sunlight. The Kindle Paperwhite is perfect for reading in bright sun- absolutely no glare.  Also, I normally need magnifying readers but cant wear them and sunglasses at the same time.  The font size on the Kindle Paperwhite is so easy to adjust I can enlarge it for beach reading in seconds and wear only my sunglasses while on the beach and adjust it back to normal size once Im back in my home.  Doesnt sound like a big deal but trust me, it is.  The Kindle Paperwhite is front lit so I can read in bed at night with the lamp off without disturbing my partner which was another factor in my decision to upgrade from my older Kindle.  One other upgrade from my olderKindle that I really love on the Paperwhite is the special leather cover I purchased with it. When I open the cover my Kindle immediately powers on to the exact spot I left off reading and when I close the cover it immediately powers down to conserve the battery. I love this feature.  I have read an hour or more every day since I bought my new Kindle and I still have at least half of my battery life left.  All in all, Im very happy I upgraded to the new Paperwhite.
I love my Kindles. I have had two basic readers with the keyboard under the screen. When my last reader died, I was just going to get another. I liked the buttons at the side to move through the pages, I like the size of that Kindle, I love the fact that I could read in bright sunlight, but then I saw the Paperwhite with the built-in light and thought maybe it was time to trade up.When my latest Kindle with keyboard died, I began using my Kindle Fire for reading. It works. It has a nice, big screen, but it's heavy to be reading in bed with - like the difference between a hard-bound book and a paperback - and because it's a tablet rather than a reader, it eats up that battery life much, much faster. Oh yeah, and the lit screen also lit up the bedroom.This reader is smaller than the original Kindle and it has a smaller screen, But, it is also lighter and it has that built-in light. I haven't had it out in the sunshine, but it is advertised to have a clear, readable screen even in bright sunlight and I'm sure it does. The pages turn easily with a touch at the edge of the screen, and the function menu drops down from the top of the screen. I haven't really played with it much to see what I else I can do other than pick a book and read it, but it seems to have all the bells and whistles necessary, and then some. It came with a half-charged battery. I've been using it for a week and I haven't noticed that available battery indicator move.For those who compare the $120 spent on a Kindle Paperwhite with the price of a book -- don't. I have a Kindle library with hundreds of books in it. A paperback will cost you between $7.00 and $13.00. It doesn't take a math genius to figure out how many books it would take to meet the price of a Kindle Paperwhite. For me that's about 4-6 weeks of reading material, so I guess you can say that I read for free for the rest of the life of the Kindle Paperwhite. AND, you can carry all those books with you when you travel in this one little, light-weight, reader.I'm a fan and will buy another when this one dies, I'm sure. Now I just have to buy it a jacket.
I had the first Kindle and had another generation after that and most recently had the version with the light integrated in to the cover.  This was an excellent progression and I wasn't sure I needed this, but saw it on sale and thought I would give it a shot.  Wow.  It really changes the reading experience for these reasons:-The backlight is just right for reading in the day and night.  It is very different from a cell phone screen that you are not supposed to look at night that could keep you up.  I am still able to fall asleep just like reading a normal book.-It's very light and reading with one hand is easy.  It is also very trim.  So trim in fact that I almost lose it in my bag because it is hard to find!-Speaking of reading with one hand, I love the fact that you move forward by touching an area of the screen which is very large.  This means that your hand does not need to be positioned in one exact spot and you can read with either hand easily.-There are three areas where you can touch on the screen:  Page back which is a small area on the left, Page forward which is the large area to the right or Menu which is the area at the top.  Very simple.-The page forward/back is very fast and there is no delay in reading.-I have read Kindle books here and there but it hasn't necessarily been my preferred reading method...until now.  I have a wife that goes to bed earlier than me and small kids that like to come in to the bed.  Reading with only this device and no light on is huge.  No booklight, long battery life and just the exact right amount of light to be able to see the entire screen perfectly but not keep others up.-The cover from Amazon is a bit spendy but wonderful as well and highly recommended.  It has a magnet to close it and when it is closed the device will go to sleep.I cannot recommend this highly enough to change your entire reading experience if you are new to Kindle or coming from a generation at least 3 in the past.  It will make a big difference for you.
Just upgraded from the older Kindle with the page turn buttons on the side. I was apprehensive about the new one because the last thing I want to get fingerprints on just to turn a page was the screen of the kindle. I also was worried about the backlight, and it hurting my eyes. I can't read from my ipad or computer for long stretches because the screen just burns your eyes out.I've read two books already and can say this Paperwhite is a fantastic upgrade, and I'm kicking myself for waiting this long to do it. The page turns by touch on the screen DO NOT leave any fingerprints. I don't know how, but they just dont! The backlight is AMAZING. It makes it easier to read some how and you don't need to sit by a light. You can turn off all your lights, put on some music and just relax and read for days. It's so much smaller I lay in bed in the dark and read for hours until I zonk out. I can't even.. It's just brilliant. I have a comfy chair in my sun room that has no light, but I loved sitting in the sunlight to read, but when the sun went down, I'd have to move somewhere else by a light. Now I don't have to!The text is SO much more crisp on these new ones as well. If you're on the fence with the old Kindles, put that fear to rest and try this. You'll probably be kicking yourself much like I have been. Reading got even more convenient. Can't wait to go camping and read around a campfire until the early morning hours with this thing.
I got this Kindle in August. I found it more complicated to use than the original Kindle, but liked that it was less bulky. The pages were easier to turn but often would be so sensitive that I jumped ahead many pages and it was hard to get back where I was. I also dont think the battery lasts very long, but hopefully the next one will be better. I had a problem develop with the on/off button and when I went back to my order it said I had timed out for service. I wrote a complaint on this site and within minutes I received a phone call from customer service. I was told that I could get service and my Kindle was still under warranty. They are mailing me a replacement which will arrive in their 2 day period and sent me a label to mail my malfunctioning one back. My representative, Steven, was very helpful. In the future I will be sure to call them first. Thank you for such good service, Amazon
Well after reading the reviews for two weeks and going back and forth with my decision, I finally ordered the Kindle Paperwhite and received it in the mail today. I excitedly opened it up, to reveal I had almost all of the defects I have been dreading from the reviews. The kindle is paperbeige, not white; the screen goes black every time I change a page or menu screen before it goes back to beige, there is light bleeding at the bottom of the kindle, and there are two permanent lit dots on the screen that are completely distracting.I want to make it clear that Amazon reps have been working with me to send a replacement, so at least they are being helpful - it is just frustrating that the devices aren't checked to ensure they are perfect before being sent out to consumers. It is unfortunate after this product has been around for so many years that there still are defects. I understand it is an electronic device and these things happen, but to get ALL the defects that reviewers complained about in one device? Yeah not so funny. I attached 3 photos and a video so readers can see what I am talking about.Also, can anyone please let me know if this is normal when you turn a page or menu screen that it goes black with beige letters before it goes beige with black letters? If this is of the norm then I probably will just return the kindle paperwhite that I receive as the exchange as that is a really annoying feature for a 2016-2017 device to be doing this. Thank you for reading/helping.
I just purchased a new Kindle Paperwhite to replace an older model (I had updated the software on my older model in February 2016, as mandated by Amazon emails and warnings). Imagine my surprise when the new Paperwhite was delivered with out-of-date software, one of the versions that no longer work. I had to spend an hour on the phone with technical support to download and then upload the patch to my "new" Paperwhite. Had I not known what the new software looked like, it could have been some time (until I tried to order a new book) before I realized that my new device wouldn't work properly. When I advised Amazon of the problem, all they could say is, well, nothing much. No explanation for sending out a product with obsolete software, no warning in the box or on the device that new software needed to be downloaded, nothing. All I got was a $10 credit for future Kindle book purchases and a dead link if I wanted to discuss this matter further. When I called a second time to complain, all I got was a second $10 credit, even at a time when Amazon is offering a $45 credit on trade-ins. Horrible customer service and a horrible experience!
1. the backlight cannot be turned all the way down. i.e. it will always shine ever so slightly even if you turn it off, draining your battery as long as it is active. yes it is very dim, hardly helping even in complete darkness, so i cannot think of a single reason that amazon decided that such a design is a good idea.2. will not connect to wifi that require additional verification. you see some of the wifi hotspots will prompt you a small window asking you to click "agree and connect" or something before you actually go online. this is especially true for some of the public hotspots. with kindle there is no prompt. rather it just fails to connect altogether. this is frustrating because my apartment offers such a wifi and I cannot connect to it.3. the power button is too stiff. now I understand that a stiff button helps mitigate misclicks. but i would like it to be placed on the front of the device, or on the side, so that I don't need two hands to wake it up (one pushing the button while the other holding it in place)this product is good overall. but it surprised me that such a well-famed product, after so many iterations, will have these flaws that are so easy to engineer away. there is no reason as i see it to not address any of these problems.
I love this Paperwhite E-Reader. I like to read at night, mostly in bed, but a nighttime light is disturbing to my husband's sleep. This is the perfect solution, plus all the books from my old Kindle (which I gave to my husband, who is a daytime reader) automatically transferred to this device, as well as staying on my original Kindle and through iCloud to my I-Pad. The best!
I purchased this kindle in April 2016. Today it froze and is completely locked up. The remaining solution is to buy a brand new one. I am deeply disappointed in the (lack of) quality in this product an the fact that Amazon will only offer me a 15% off discount. It seems to me they would/could/should a long time prime customer a better deal than this especially for a product that is nearly brand new.
I like the Paperwhite.  It is light and easily portable (though I worry about the screen getting damaged) and the battery lasts a long time.  The text is sharp and clear and easy to read.I am not thrilled with the unintuitive user interface and sometimes when "turning" a page it randomly jumps to somewhere else in the book.The bookmarks are not as useful as they could be b/c of poor labeling.Search is useful but could be better designed and navigation less confusing (sometimes you can scroll and other times not.  What?).I wish the screen were taller b/c I don't like having to turn the page after only reading 1 1/2 or 2 paragraphs.2/2018 review update:Changing my rating to  2 stars because of the multiple-page turning issue still being a problem in spite of firmware updates.  Not fun to have to find where you *were* reading after a page turn randomly jumps you multiple pages and then you don't know where you are bc there are no page numbers or indication of where you are/were in the book.  This ruins the experience of reading on my Kindle and dissuades me from wanting to read on it.
Before the Kindle Paperwhite, I had a regular Kindle, 4th or 5th generation. Can't remember. The new paperwhite's lit screen is fantastic at night and the high resolution is nice. Besides that, however, the older kindle was much better.The biggest issue is the junky touch screen. Half the time, it reads inputs wrong, the other half the time you accidently hit the screen and then it jumps to a different page. Touch screens sound great, and in practice they are useful for a lot of things. However, for an ereader, you either need a much better touchscreen, or physical buttons.Ereaders are amazing, so I am glad I have a kindle. That being said, the paperwhite has a lot of room for improvement.
I replaced my older generation Fire with a Paperwhite (got it as a gift). First understand; the Fire is a tablet while the Paperwhite is not. The Paperwhite does have what is called an experimental browser but it really isn't able to navigate to any website you'd generally use, such as Google. There's a menu button to go to the Amazon Kindle store which works perfectly as you'd expect.The two main advantages of the Paperwhite over the Fire is the readability of the screen and the battery life. So, if you're going to use this to read and buy buy ebooks on Amazon then you're set.The few things I don't like about the Paperwhite are feel of the screen, the response time, and limits on how one can view, or interface with, the text.The screen has a rough feel to it. I get it- it cuts down on the glare of a smooth screen. Not that big of a deal but personally it just feels weird. I'm sure I'll get used to the feel in time.The response time is a bit aggravating- as in slow response time navigating between menus. Deal breaker? Naw, but again, I like the fast response time of the Fire much more.Lastly, unless I've yet to discover an additional menu, there's not really much choice as to viewing preferences such as font size, background color (black on white or white on black), and ease of quickly scrolling to other parts of the book/text.If I could only change one thing I'd change the way the page 'turns'. On the Paperwhite the page dissolves into the next page (or previous page). It can be a bit difficult visually to tell if you moved forward a page or backward a page. I much prefer my old Fire where the page 'slides' left to advance and right to go back.So- I think the Paperwhite is a bit clunky but I like it well enough to keep this compact, attractive ereader.My advice- try one out before buying as you might be unhappy if you're used to more sophisticated electronic devices.
I hemmed & hawed about getting an e-reader for years. After all, I love physical books! I love the feel of them. I love the smell of them. I love turning the pages and the sound of them.But over time, more and more reasons have arisen to encourage e-books. For example, my library lets me borrow them, perfect for those times when a Chicago winter prevents me from leaving the apartment, or when I want to borrow a book after hours. And there is the fact that I love to listen to audiobooks when I go for long drives. It is so simple to sync Audible with my Kindle app. Using my physical book means that I have to spend time skimming to catch up when I switch media. And then there are the deals on Kindle books that arise daily.I will always love physical books. But I have come to the conclusion that it is OK to have e-books as well. And I like the idea of having my favorite books in multiple formats so that I am less likely to be without them.Fine. But why use the Kindle itself? Why not stick with the apps?I was mainly using my Nexus 7 (2013) tablet's Kindle app read e-books. The app worked fine on there, and it was a nice size for holding. But it was getting old. The battery life was not that great and there was no longer any support if something went wrong. I knew that I either needed to get a newer mini-tablet or an e-reader. Since the Kindle was experiencing a 10th anniversary sale, I decided to give it a try.Wow!I had not realized what a difference the screen would make. There is almost zero glare on the Kindle screen. And the e-ink really does look like a book. Furthermore, the size and weight are even more comfortable than my tablet. And finally, the ability to look up the occasional word is a wonderful feature.So then. The only questions remain, which Kindle should I get and with which options?I got the Paperwhite. Without 3G. And with ads. And I bought a deluxe leather case.The more deluxe models of Kindle look nice and all, but I do not need a lot of froo froo. I'm not reading in the shower, so I do not need it to be waterproof. The adaptive light feature is nice, but unnecessary. But I *do* like the touch-sensitive pad on the Paperwhite. So the plain Kindle is out.3G downloading seems nice, but it is rare that I am without Wi-Fi. Yes, I could pay for the 3G capability. But the added price was not worth it in my situation.As for the ads, they are not distracting. They only occur when the Kindle is in sleep mode and are for other books. But the thing that I love most about them is that I can cancel them at any time. Sometime in the next few weeks, I will most likely spend the $20 to do exactly that. But the fact that I could choose to accept ads in the short term for a cheaper purchase and then pay to have them stop when my fund allow it is a decent selling point in my opinion.I will make a separate review for the case. But suffice it to say that it protects my e-reader while giving more of the tactile book reading sensation that I enjoy.Some caveats -- If your book/magazine/PDF file has items that you *need* to see in color, then I recommend using a Kindle Fire or some other tablet.- If you want a device that can play Audible books while you read, you want the Kindle Oasis, a smartphone, or a tablet.- If you want display options other than black print on a white background, you should use a smartphone or tablet.
I am an avid reader.  I resisted getting a Kindle for years because I felt it would ruin the book reading experience.  I also figured that I could just use the Kindle app on my tablet when I wanted an e reader.  I was so wrong. The batteries for down too quickly using the tablet.  The battery on here lasts for weeks!  So much lighter and more portable than traveling with a ton of books.I love it so much that I have two now.  One that I keep by my bed and the other in my purse.  So I don't have to worry about forgetting to bring it (I'm am obsessive reader).It automatically syncs your progress from one device to the other.I highly recommend that if you read even one book a week, that you get Kindle Unlimited.  For only $10 a month you have an endless world of books at your disposal.  So worth the money.  I read a minimum of three books a week.  It has saved me a ton of money already.
I love my kindle. It's easy to read in all light settings. I purchased the kindle paperwhite to replace my original kindle. The size is just right for my hand not to cramp up and the back light feature is awesome. My original kindle didn't have this and I really love it. I read all the time and being able to read in bed with the lights out is a big plus when the spouse gets up at 4 am.I mostly read library books on my kindle and I love that they are delivered through wifi. If you are computer savvy it will be easy, if not you'll need to go through the process a few times before it's easy. I haven't bought a book in forever, I just order a book through the sandiego country library site, when it is available I get an email. Once I get the email I go back on the site, click download to kindle, the amazon window pops up, I hit download again and voila, library book. I order multiple books so I don't have to wait without something to read. There are of course books always available but the best seller list usually has a wait so ordering a few at a time solves that issue.Anyway, Love it. buy it.
After going through several tablets, mostly destroyed at the hands of my kids, I decided on the Paperwhite after polling my friends and family. My mom actually gave this to me for Christmas. Friends all said this was the best for reading in any light. It's true! I like the matte screen. I also like that it is just a reader, as with a tablet, it is too easy to get distracted by notifications popping up. I LOVE my Paperwhite and read 5 or 6 books within the first couple weeks after Christmas. Oh, and the charge lasts forever! It is so nice to not need to constantly charge this like I do with my phone, fitness tracker, etc. PS, get a case. These are a little slippery and I would worry about it falling off the side of a leather couch, for example. I found the coolest, cheapest cases on Amazon!
I have been using a Kindle DX for many years. I LOVE the backlight on the Paperwhite. I have given up a large screen size for the updated features of the Paperwhite. Mostly I like it. Some of the touch features are too sensitive and I find myself somewhere else pretty often. I don't care for the way you have to go to the next page of your book list. Seems like that should be easier than typing in the page number. When I try to just press, it just selects the bottom book in my list instead of going to the next page. I also haven't figured out how to look up definitions. When you touch the page to get to the word, usually something else unexpected pops up. Dictionary access as I read along is probably the one thing I miss on the old Kindle. I like the weight and feel in my hand when reading. I like that it can fit more easily in my purse. I would recommend it. Just be aware of the changes if you have had a different older model.
I bought my first Kindle in 2010.  I loved everything about that Kindle.....except I did get eyestrain occasionally with the darker screen.  Although my original Kindle is still working perfectly, I've been noticing more frequent eyestrain so decided to take advantage of the $89.99 offer on the 300 dpi paperwhite E-reader.Although the screen is great and I can read for much longer periods without my eyes bothering me, I miss all of the other user friendly features from my original Kindle.  I have a terrible time trying to find the book I want to read.  Quite often I'm reading several different books at the same time.  I try to go to 'my library' to find the one I want and I keep getting samples or advertisements or, whatever.  Frustrating.  I also liked the levers on either side of my original Kindle.  So much easier to turn the page without having to lift my hand.  I could also press the home icon and there were all of my books listed including samples and read but not removed from the device.  Sometimes progress isn't an improvement.Also, I have to constantly recharge this Kindle.  If I'm traveling I have to be very careful to charge it every night.  Otherwise, I might be sitting half way between destinations and my Kindle dies.  Not fun.  My other Kindle went for days, if not weeks without a recharge.
Its a great and affordable e-reader. I gifted it to myself to replace reading on my iPad. I wanted something lighter, more compact, and with less distractions. But I cant understand why the ability to invert text (from a white screen with black text to a black screen with white text) is not a basic feature. Many avid readers enjoy reading at night. The kindle app on my iPad does offer this feature, so I am surprised that an actual kindle ereader -the Paperwhite (my first) - does not. I can however, darken the screen to black entirely, which would be great, except for words. So that makes me sad.
This Kindle Paperwhite has gotten me obsessed with reading again. I was so tied to my computer that I wasn't reading books as much - carrying around physical books along with my electronics didn't appeal to me somehow. I had tried the Kindle app on my phone, and it was fine if I "needed" to read something, but it wasn't really comfortable for reading for enjoyment. I finally decided that having a stand-alone book reader was worth trying, and I have fallen in love with it. The text is so crisp and clear - it gives me the reading feel of actual books with the convenience and portability of electronics. I find myself turning off the TV for the evening a lot more often now.
Portability: Light and compact; I carry this everywhere and I forget I have it with me. Yet durable; though the cover is mostly plastic, it doesn't feel cheap or easily breakable.Readability: I absolutely love the paperwhite technology, no need to worry about glare from sun or bright screen light straining your eyes while reading in pitch dark.Practicality: Unlimited Prime is worth getting if you like to read variety of different books. Some books are still a little expensive or unavailable via Kindle. Then I found out I can transfer ebooks (in almost all formats except EPUB, you can even convert PDF documents) into kindle via email or data transfer. EPUB files can be converted to another format like MOBI through an online converter or converter program, and then transferred to into kindle. Lovely!
Note that this review is for the latest model of the Kindle Paperwhite.  I have an earlier version from 4 or 5 years ago that I absolutely love.I recently bought a new Kindle Paperwhite for my wife for her birthday.  The screen was half yellow when lit and had very prominent shadowing along all four edges.  When I contacted customer service, they arranged to have a replacement sent out.  The replacement didn't have any issues with the yellow light color, but it had even worse shadowing that the first one.  Again, I was told to send the Kindle back for a replacement.A week later:I just printed the shipping label to return the FOURTH replacement Kindle they've sent me.  That's a total of FIVE Kindles in a row with the same lighting issue.  I have been assured by customer service many times that the shadows along the edges are NOT NORMAL.  If they were, they wouldn't keep sending me replacements.  I'll update my review after my FIFTH replacement (SIXTH) Kindle arrives, but I'm not at all confident that it's going to be any different.  At the moment, I'd recommend that anyone looking to replace an older generation Paperwhite wait until the next generation comes out.  These ones seem to be inherently defective.
I like it! I'm still getting used to it since its interface is different from that of my Kindle Fire and the Kindle app on my phone, and it's irksome how light my manga are showing up on here, with no way to darken the drawings, but for books, it's great and I can darken the text on them. The way the screen flickers black when I turn a page? It's new but I'll get used to it. It's not something I'm used to, since I normally read on more sophisticated devices, but I'll deal. I love the smaller size and lighter weight, and the battery life and non-glare screen will be pluses for sure. I also like the paper-like feel of the screen. It's nice. I'm happy. I just wish the ink were darker for non-text books, so minus a star on that count.
I bought this kindle when my second generation kindle died (It lasted 9 years). Maybe I am too used to my old Kindle, but I still miss it 6 months later. I read less now on my new Kindle than before. This Kindle is more of a mass market book sized. My old Kindle was more of a trade paperback size & I prefer that. I like the lighted screen, so I can read at night. However; I miss the next page buttons. I find the screen really touchy & sometimes I am going pages beyond or behind from where I left off most of the time. I seem to always fining my spot. Plus, it seems to eithe highlight sentences & words more easily & then I spend time undoing that. Each book has a different size font it seems, so it took me some time to find where hat is hidden now (not an easy font size change button like before). I do like the new bookerly font. It is easy to read. Plus, I still dislike how it lists books. I had a lot of my books archived on my old Kindle & I did not see their titles when I was searching for books. Now, they are all listed there & I cannot figure out easily which ones were archived or not from my old Kindle, so I have to open & download each book to figure out. When you have had a Kindle for 9 years, that is a lot of books that I had in my active & archived lists. Plus, three Russian- English dictionaries showed up & I have no idea how. Now you cannot delete them, so they are always on my list.I also feel like with the touch screen development & easier way to turn on was not developed with someone with a busy toddler at home. My toddler finds it & able to turn it on, swipe pages, & maybe he bought the Russian-English dictionaries. It is more connected to the Kindle store than the old one.I wish that I had measured more what it looked like before measuring. I was bummed that my old cases would not work with this one. I hope that this one lasts for another almost 9 years like my last one, & maybe then I will some of the things I dislike out this one will have changed.
This is my 4th Kindle -- my first was a Kindle Fire and the last 3 were/are Paperwhites.  The paperwhites seem to last me just about 2 years each.  My Fire still works but I rarely use it as it's so much heavier than the Paperwhite.  Needless to say -- I love them!However, my 4th Kindle, decided to quit working yesterday, 11/14/17. I am very upset -- it was supposed to have a longer battery life which turned out not to be true and now it has quit entirely.  Why should I have to buy a new kindle when this one was less than four months old?
I had an original Kindle Paperwhite bought back when we preordered them. I bought the model with commercials and overtime got adjusted to reading on a device and it became my only source of fiction, I would have rated it a 5. When this model was available I decided to buy a new one. It is excellent as far as the font, the light improvements, quicker navigation, and all the things that are the same with my old Paperwhite. However I have issues when I buy new books that are to be auto-delivered that I did NOT have with my original. I need to be sitting on top of my router (the same one as always) to get a Wi-Fi signal to this new device and then the books are never downloaded very quickly, many times they queue for awhile, unlike my original that were delivered within a few minutes, always. I had to go online and to the Amazon site, look at my digital orders and then check and 'deliver' 3 books to get my books downloaded this morning. Sometimes just coming up stairs to my router will do the trick, not always including today. I have been very patient and looking at and reading everything I could find to correct the problem, but there doesn't seem to be anything about it. My husbands Kindle Fire downloading hasn't changed so I don't think it is our hardware or Wi-Fi. Once I run around and try everything and find the right formula of the moment, the books deliver instantly. Is this the punishment for ordering a Kindle reader without commercials or ?
LOVE my kindle! Everything works as it should! Kindle is pretty thin even with a case on it which is a huge plus for me. I enjoy the "browser" they have..it's bare bones but that's ok for quick searches. It has come in handy for sure. I find that I read a lot more with it than actual physical books (I still can't stop buying them tho..it's an addiction) which a makes me happy!
While the reader allows me to read in bright daylight and also in dark light, I am disappointed in the 4 'dark areas' at the bottom of the screen.I thought my unit was defective so I sent it back and got a replacement. Unfortunately the new unit also had the same for dark areas at the bottom of the screen - resembling fingerprints, shadows, or smudges.It does not interfere with reading, it just looks strange on a bright white screen.I was also disappointed in the customer service, as i could not understand he person I initially talked to and they apparently could not understand me since I was transferred to another person whose English was fine.The customer service group was not aware of the 4 'shadows' issue, I found that surprisingI hope the reader holds up over time
So far I really love this reading device. I suffer from migraines; when I look at an e-reader for too long it tends no make them worse. But with thise-reader I have no trouble at all.This is the only electronic device that has never made my migraines worse. The light can bee turned down almost all the way if you want to read under a lamp, or outside and still be visible, and when the light is on in the dark it is very easy on the eyes, I don't have to worry about a screen that is either too bright, or no bright enough. This is the ideal reader. All around extremely easy to read on.This e-reader is WIFI compatible to download books from the cloud. Comes with a USB charging cord, however if you would prefer to charge your Kindle on a wall outlet instead of the computer you will need to go get a USB wall charging adapter which are really inexpensive, or you can opt into unplugging the USB Piece from your regular phone charger if you have one that is set up like that and plug the USB charging cord that comes with the kindle into that.Note this is going to be different from a Kindle Fire as this is strictly an e-reader. You can't install other apps or check your email on it like you would a tablet.
I have had the original kindle since it came out many years ago and it served me well until it finally could not hold a charge.  I purchased this paperwhite kindle and love it.  It is a little smaller than my original kindle but also lighter in weight.  Some new features that I really like is that you can adjust the light on the screen which is great for night time reading.  The font can be changed to whatever size and type that you like and as always you can read in sunlight without getting the glare from tablet readers.  I would also point out that the battery lasts a long time.  One charge and it easily lasts over a week when reading a lot.  The Amazon kindle is still the best e reader on the market and only one you can read while sitting in the sun.  Love it!
I was really apprehensive when my husband got me this for Christmas because I am the kind of person who likes flipping pages and holding a book to have a sense of how much you've read and how much farther you have to go. First of all, the convenience of having a Kindle is profound because there's no more need to go to the library and search the shelves- you can do it all on the Kindle (and there's lots of free books on the Kindle). Also we have an overcrowded book shelf that can now be uncluttered and there won't be anymore books getting stacked up there. Second, It doesn't feel like you're looking at a computer screen the whole time you area reading. I don't know how they did it but its a very soft screen and I even turned the light all the way down to it doesn't give you a headache or anything. The screen has somewhat of a textured feel to it so its honestly almost like a real page. It is actually kinda fun reading on the Kindle because it tells you what percentage you are in in the book so sometimes I'll tell myself, "Okay I'm going to stop reading tonight once I hit 75%." Anyway, I could go on and on, but I love this thing and if anyone else out there has fears about buying one you shouldn't because they did an excellent job of making it convenient, lightweight, and easy on the eyes.
I had one of the first generation kindles, back when it was just "the kindle" (because it was the only type they sold).  I loved that device.  So revolutionary and cool.  Over time though it stopped holding a charge, and other problems.  So finally I decided to get the "new hotness".My impressions of the new model are not very positive to be honest.  In my hand, the 6" display is too small.  I know that now in hindsight.  Also there is just a general clunkiness about it.  Navigating between pages is not crisp and responsive, like you'd expect a 2018 device to be.  It kinda sloshes around, as if it were a device from the 1990's.  I guess some might find that endearing, but not me.  And the display is not even that clear either.  Kinda sloppy and blurry.  Also, many books just don't "fit" on the kindle very well.  The formatting is off, awkward page breaks etc.  It's just not a wonderful reading experience tbh.  For most reading, I think the ipad is actually better.  Yea, the price is very different, but you'd expect a device dedicated to reading to be great at that one thing.  It's just not.What I do like:  the battery life is great.  Charge it every few days, or once a week and you're good.
Attributes of this product...The newest of Amazon's Paperwhites is slim and very user friendly.  I love that you can take it out of the box and use it immediately.  Books are stored on Amazon's Cloud and can be downloaded in seconds.  It has a long battery life and a great built in light.  I love my one touch/swipe screen and I love being able to read at night with just my kindle turned on.Target audience for this product...Anyone who loves to read and wants to carry an entire library with them...is a candidate for this kindle.  The back lighting and bookerly font make this Kindle feel more book like than ever.  This kindle feels as though you are reading a real paper book.Uses for this product...You can read ebooks, newspapers, magazines and docs on this kindle.The practical details for this product...Hmmm...it's slim, easy to carry, easy to read from and holds a charge for weeks.Finally...my thoughts about this product...This is my fourth Kindle.  I think I have had every generation...this one is my favorite.
I would have given it higher rating if amazon let you turn the light COMPLETELY off. I was very disappointed because I bought the Paperwhite mostly for the higher resolution screen and really didn't want a light on all the time. I'm in front of computer screens all day and I don't want any further exposure whatsoever no matter how small and the whole point of E-readers to me was to save my eyes. The light seems to strain my eyes more over time than reading from a book. Other than that it is a great device and most people would be quite happy with it unless they also didn't want a light on all the time. However, I bought the basic kindle afterword and was surprised to see that when comparing the paperwhite at lowest brightness to the basic kindle, the basic model had better contrast between the text and the background. It is also lighter weight which really does feel much better when holding it with a just a few fingers. The back shape of the basic model is not as ergonomic and nice as the paperwhite and also doesn't have rubberized backing but the lighter weight for me is a bigger advantage and feels better holding with just a few fingers. The paperwhite wins on the resolution, but if your not a close reader the basic model is completely fine. I cant speak to the battery life yet. The paperwhite is supposed to be better but to me as long as its one week, its enough for me.
I've waited for several weeks since purchase to respond with a rating for the kindle Paperwhite E-reader.  My prior Kindle, which I'd had since the late 1990's was excellent and probably one of the best gifts I've ever received.  But it was old and difficult to update, hence the new Paperwhite.  I must say that some of the 'improvements' aren't.  I've had to practice light-touch page turning to avoid getting other unwanted things popping up.  I really do not need to see all the book covers on the items I order; it's simply clutter.  (I try to keep at least 5 or 6 books ahead as I'm an avid reader.)  What I'd really like is a simple list of the unread books and a simple archive by author.  Sound familiar ... go back and take a look at the old version ... where you could easily see what you have waiting to read and peruse your archive easily.  All that said, I'll most likely get used to the Paperwhite.  One feature I do appreciate:  letting the reader know how many reading minutes are left in a chapter.
The Kindle Paperwhite feels very solid and very durable, however, I would still recommend a case. The one I have gives it more of a 'book' feel and adds a splash of color to what otherwise would blend in as another slate of technology in the modern tech age. The screen looks really nice, I've had no complaints about how it functions. It legitimately looks like a page out of a book, so props to Amazon for figuring out this technology. The backlight on my model is far bright enough for any condition as well. Reading at night has never been easier on the eyes. I can't imagine ever needing to go above brightness level 7 either, which is hardly halfway. So this model goes quite bright enough. Software-wise things look and run very smooth. I've only had the touchscreen freeze up once in my month of using it so far, and a quick reboot solved that easily.Overall I've enjoyed reading books with this kindle, I look forward to future years of book reading, and highly recommend this product to veteran readers or even just people like me who want to read more.
My perfect digital reader. I just returned home from weeks of travel, and I was so happy to have my kindle paperwhite along. I know that some of my fellow travelers still enjoy the feel of a book in their hand, but when traveling on planes, buses, and trains without access to reliable lighting I was able to read anywhere and at any time of the day. It also relieved me from the weight concerns of traveling with books. I remember the days of traveling with books (many books if it was a long trip) that would weigh me down, and now that is so unnecessary. The flexibility of my paperwhite is just the best. No eye strain, and I can have multiple books from different genres going at the same time. The only weakness is the lack of audio, or audible book features, but I can live without that on my paperwhite.
I've had a Kindle for a long time which I have absolutely loved. I have wanted a Paperwhite ever since they came out because I like to read at night and hate hovering by a light. The light bars they sold to use with the regular Kindles just didn't work for me. My husband recently purchased the Paperwhite for me and he took my old Kindle so we could both sit on the beach and read during our vacation. He had an IPod but could not read in the sun.The Paperwhite is everything I thought it would be. The only negative I have to say about it is now I don't have to put it down when I go to bed at night because I can actually see to read, I can read without disturbing my husband. Why is this a negative you ask? Because once I get interested in a book I can't always put it down. I have spent many nights reading when I should have been sleeping.I have been experimenting with the light to try and get the most out of the battery life yet have the screen bright enough for me to read in the dark. One of the things I love most about the Kindle is how long the battery lasts between charges. It is easy enough to change the settings on the fly to extend battery life.My Paperwhite is still new so I haven't discovered all the features yet. It was so simple to pull out of the box and set up and start reading.Another one of my favorite features it the ability to download books from the library. I never have to worry about having a book to read without breaking the bank.I highly recommend this fantastic device. I find my self reading more and more and watching TV less, not that I'm not hovering by a light trying to read.
Took me awhile to get on the e-reader bandwagon but with a gift card for Christmas one year, I decided to go for it. I'm so glad I did. As a busy parent and frequent traveler, I have ended up reading much more with the Kindle because of how easy it is to carry around.With my kids, I appreciate the variety of parental controls like adding a passcode or turning off the store features so they don't accidentally purchase books (true story) or play with it.The library apps aren't super intuitive but once you figure out how each lending system works, the Kindle itself has no problem working with apps like Libby so you can borrow books on it (I actually haven't purchased any books because I just check them out from the library). This is one of the best features of the Kindle, in my opinion!I went back and forth about having the backlight, but I have used it so much (mostly reading while camping) and am really glad I went for it. The backlight is adjustable which is nice so you can dim it in the dark or brighten it during the day. I never have any eye strain - in fact, my eyes hurt more using my cell phone than the Kindle. The battery life of the thing is amazing and I rarely ever have to charge it - when the battery runs out I'm always so surprised because it rarely happens.It got fritzy once and the pages wouldn't turn, but when I used the Amazon reset instructions, it fixed the problem immediately and it hasn't come back.I haven't given up reading real books but just end up reading a lot more with the Kindle, which I'm grateful for.
My first Kindle. WiFi-only, with ads.Overall it is about what I expected. Battery life is amazing (I still have not given it a second charge). The Paperwhite screen makes it easy to read in bright light. Indoors, it has an adjustable LED back light. Not sure if the back light is a concern or not regarding blue-spectrum-light before bedtime.I normally listen to audio books, so I got the Kindle for those times when listening to an audio book is not possible and in the hopes that blue-light is not a concern with Paperwhite screens (still unknown). This uses Whispersync to sync with other Kindle devices/apps and with Audible (on my phone/tablet). In my experience, Whispersync is a little clunky, but it gets you in the ballpark.I got the less expensive "with ads" version. If I had it to do over again, I'd probably spend the extra $20 for no ads. With ads, the Kindle displays an ad for a book on the screen whenever the device is off. It also shows ads on the home screen, but I don't know if the "no ads" version has those or not.It is small and very thin. I wish they had a larger version, say tablet-sized. As my eyes get older I need to have larger text. It will display PDFs, however it is not ideal for PDFs that are made from scanned page images where the text does not re-flow when zoomed in (you have to scroll L<>R continuously to read each line of text). I'm guessing it will work OK for PDFs that are converted from text documents since those should allow the text to re-flow.Has Goodreads integration. You can choose to let it automatically update Goodreads, or you can do it manually. The manual interface is a little clunky, but Goodreads UIs have always been a little frustrating.I've added the Origami case/cover from Fintie (sold on Amazon). It's worth checking out.Pros: Easy to read in bright light. Long battery life.Cons: Small. Mixed results with Whispersync (especially syncing with Audible)Happy reading...
I bought this to replace my really, really old first generation Kindle. It really is a great device, with a nice sized screen, easy navigation, and controls that let you personalize your font, font size, light level, and page color for optimum comfort. I find that I really dislike using my tablet as a reader, this is much lighter and the design is purpose driven for reading. It also fits in my handbag perfectly without weighing it down.I bought the Amazon case with it, which not only protects it but also turns it on and off when I open the case, a convenience and battery saver that is totally worth the price of the case.I suffer from chronic migraines that can easily be brought on by eye strain. The ability to set the Kindle for a larger font, the soft backlighting, the paper-like screen, even the new bookerly font all make reading a more confortable and safe experience for me. In short, my new Kindle has given me back the all day reading binge.The battery life has been perfectly adequate for my needs. I usually read several hours daily and have never discharged my battery by more than a quarter. I plug it in by my bedside every night and have never come anywhere near danger of running out of charge.
Have had multiple kindles, generally a fan but finding they are subject to developing all kinds of issues in the first year or so after the warranty expires.  Example :set the Kindle shown on the pic on my nightstand, next day it has developed the weird "always on" screen glitch.  Wasn't dropped or mishandled as far as I can tell. I've had various other issues with previous models, so in general assume that you'll be replacing this in 18-24 months.  I do keep replacing mine, just wish they lasted longer.
I had been using my Nvidia Shield K1 tablet as an e-reader but I had lately become concerned about blue light emission interfering with my quality of sleep and so decided to acquire an e-ink reader with illumination.The factors that influenced my decision to go with the Paperwhite were: high user ratings (better than both the Voyage and Oasis), the illuminated screen, light weight, and cost.My first impression of the Paperwhite was that the reading area was really small. I read several pages from each of several preview downloads. After making adjustments to the text size (smaller) and the white space between lines (minimal) I still found the reading area to be inadequate and page turns too frequent. The K1, with its much larger screen area had spoiled me in this regard.I also judged the screen illumination on the Paperwhite as only OK and not great. There were four cloudy areas at the bottom of the screen which overlay the three or four bottom lines of text.  These cloudy areas probably correspond to the four LEDs that provide the illumination. Its not terrible and I suppose one might get used to it over time, but I found it distracting in the few hours that I used the device.Screen size was the major deal-breaker for me -- I knew that I wouldnt be happy with the Paperwhite over the long haul and so I boxed it up and sent it back for a refund.If Amazon had a Kindle with a larger screen I would have considered it: they dont, so Ive ordered a Kobo Aura One (7.8 screen).
I was worried when I read some reviews, but great product!I have been a die-hard nook fan from the beginning.  However, I have had two nooks go a little wacky on me with their software after 2 years each, and this last one just really irritated me to be honest.  I have prime, so I decided, hey, why not try a kindle?  I gave it a shot, and love my paper white! May I say having prime really adds to this reader.  Now, I'm not going broke buying books, since I do enjoy reading!  I can borrow books, and many are at a great price...and I mean actual decent selling books and some bestsellers, not the dime books.Pro's: Huge selection of titles, found in a well organized manner  Better prices on books  software doesn't glitch and has a nice UI  Comfortable to hold and read  Screen looks great  And the adds so far are only on the sleep screen..so I have no problem with it (I really don't even look at sleep screens, I swipe to open to my  book.Con's  Well, I had to learn how to use, as I have always used B&N; nooks.  I just had to learn a new system, which was fairly simple and intuitive.  The guide explained anything I didn't understand intuitively.  So far, I have found no other cons.  I love this little e-reader.
While this e-reader isn't perfect, it's pretty darned close. The backlighting was what convinced me I needed this upgrade to my perfectly serviceable, but aging, basic Nook. Among the other improvements were the higher resolution, which was noticeable but not awe-inspiring, the larger screen, and the integration into the Amazon marketplace, which has a respectable selection of books available for purchase, along with the monthly free selection for Prime members, which I am, and the option to join Kindle Unlimited, something I may try in the future, but currently cannot see getting my money's worth out of given the limited amount of time I am currently devoting to reading (maybe five hours a week, tops). That being said, the Kindle has renewed my interest in reading again, and the backlighting has been a huge part of that, allowing me to read any time of the day, regardless of the setting. The best part about the lighting is that it has a somewhat soothing quality to it, being easily adjustable to provide just enough light to read by, without being so bright it feels like staring at a computer screen or having a low powered flashlight pointed at your face. For those who often read late at night or in dimly lit environments, I can unhesitatingly recommend this product to those wanting to invest in an e-reader, or upgrade to one with backlighting.
Love my Paperwhite.  Only issue so far is that many magazine subscriptions list this as an invalid device.  I guess that's because it doesn't have colors, but I don't need color to read. So no magazine subscriptions yet.  Great for reading library books, works on the beach, at night, everywhere.I do miss my physical page turning buttons from the basic non-touch screen Kindle, since it's not easy to use the touchscreen when you're on the subway, holding the rail with one hand and trying to hold the Kindle and turn the page with the other.  But you get used to it after some practice.
I resisted getting a Kindle because I like holding a real book.  Then I broke down and ordered myself one because I read all of the time now that I'm retired.  I LOVE it and can't believe it took me so long to get one.  I love the weight, the size,  the adjustable lit up background, the font, and everything about it.  Since I got mine, I've ordered 2 more, one for my husband and one for my son.  They love theirs as well.  It's a great product!
2-year update: well, after two years and having just done some reading on it, I thought I'd give a Two year Uodate to how the device has functioned.  It has been out in 20 below 0F temperatures for long period of times. It's also been in the desert, with average heat around 120 bearing down on the device for hours at a time.  Either of those times, it didn't get any extra protection other than a simple Book-looking flip cover and sat in the outermost pocket of my backpacks.  It's endured many MANY tumbles, either in my backpage or when it was in my leg pouch, where it was subjected to a heck of a beating due to side-arm use and putting clips in and out of the carrier, which was right on top of the Kindle.It's also suffered Airline travel many many many times.  Always in carry on (of course) and I'd be reading before takeoff and after landing - attentens see and have never one said anything to me or Kindle.  That's pretty good, because she has a temper at low power and I could just imagine TSA grabbing her my the book cover, punch her a few times in the screen and drag her off the plane.  Fortunately, we never had an issue.Battery Usage: the amount of time in between charges is so bloody long, I've honestly kept forgetting eve If I was timing it, which I WAS!!!! sometimes. UGH!!!  So basically, it lasts a LONG time, even in some of those severely austere environment as I mentioned above, for months at a time, and while under physical absuse (and the scene has ZERO scratches and not even the slighted debt in this tine!!!  ) talk about perfect construction, this thing is UNREAL!!  For the RARE times you do need to charge it, I've averaged around 45 minutes to 90 minutes for a charge, depending where you leave off, onviously.So: super quick charge / snail pace depletionLive the very easy 1-click was to buy a book from a Amazon (with my password of course)I can buy books on my PC and have them sent to my kindle.  But I CANNOT buy from the Amazon App on I iPhone at all.... (Amazon, may need to address this one, please). More shoppers shop online with their thumbs nowadays than on a desktop...What do I think of the kindle itself after 2 years?  It's still absolutely easy to Read in any level of light with no glares that I've experienced at least.  Words come in perfectly clear, downloaded are fast from Amazon. So simple to still look up a definition of a work in the book I don't kno, by holding a finger on the word.One way I could think that this could be better, would be a model that had a color screen. I'd love to be able to read some of the maganzines in full color. The second and ONLY other critique I could have it to allow the reader to arrange the books he or she wants to, inside the reader.  While we can move books into their our category / block of bookd. Inside that, we can do nothing.  So when you read a series (like I am now) you cannot even see which is book #1, 2, 3, etcPlease let us modify the location of the book in orders of oreferece (manual being the best!!!) along with optional titles (maybe so we can squat, "Book 1:nnnnn" or similarThat's all I got hopedully Amazon reads this update and that it helps you all as as well to help you deduce if you would like this book eReader as much as I do!!---------------------Original posting:It really is as light as they say it is.  I usually HATE e-reading anything, except quick news articles.  Not a day after I purchased this, I had already finished one book and bought 13 more.  It is so easy to read in super bright locations (outdoors with the sun right on you) or while laying in bed and not disturbing the spouse.  I wouldn't have thought I'd ever love a Kindle or any kind of e-reader, but I am really glad I took the chance on this one as I love it.  I charged it once I received it (about 6-hour charge) and haven't charged it since over the past two weeks - and I use it for several hours a day, every day (I'm retired, so what else do I have to do?)
I had to replace my first generation Kindle after many years of hard use so I bought this - generation 7. I like it, but the battery use isn't as advertised - at all. It says "weeks" without charging. Hint: Read the fine print. Amazon comes up with "weeks" based on an average of 30 minutes of reading daily...or 14 hours a month. I read 14 hours - or more - in a week. Also the great lighting system - which truly is great - further significantly drains the battery if you use it. So, if you plan on getting "weeks" from one charge - don't use the lighting system or read more than 30 minutes a day. My first generation Kindle held a charge longer than this generation.
I read a lot. This is easy to hold and has a superb screen. The touchscreen functions are outstanding. Battery life is great as long as it is in airplane mode. Dictionary is head and shoulders above competitors. Love the Vocabulary builder. Reading at night is wonderful. I still read paper, but this is a great addition. You can get books on Kindle that are available nowhere else. Saves a lot of trips to the store and quicker to get the book. Checking out books from the library is a multi-step process, but I don't mind. Libraries have strong support for the Kindle. Updating is a pain, but worth the trouble.
I want to say 5 stars for the kindle but 1 star for the programming and ability to handle our books and collections. I love the paperwhite kindle for reading and being able to carry around many books at once.But...the kindle programmers...what are they thinking of? I just spent 30 minutes on chat trying to figure out how to better download my books to my new Kindle Paperwhite. I have most of my books in collections (think of folders on a computer). You would think that we could download the collection and all the books would be downloaded with it just like we can download folders on a computer. But NOOOOO...instead the empty collection is downloaded so that I see the name on my kindle home screen but it is empty. Then I had to work out on my own how to download the books within the collection (the guy on the chat didn't seem to know any more than I already knew). For those who want to know...you have to go to the cloud, go inside your collection, tap/hold on the book, select "add to collection," then see the screen where it shows you what collection you are already in, then click "done," then go back to the cloud and click on the book once more to actually get the book downloaded. The good thing about this is that at that point you can click on each book in that collection and they will all be downloaded, instead of having to do this whole sequence again for each book.The bad news is that the books are downloaded into the collection on the device but also show on the home screen on the device. So now I have the books in my collection but also needlessly showing on my home screen. This did not happen with my previous kindles. I'm a kindle-lover but this is a ridiculous change to the software.Kindle programmers: Why would you change this and force the kindle users to look through lists of books on their home screen that they have already organized into folders? On a computer, this would be like having your files organized into folders but then also having every file visible on the main computer screen. It makes no sense to me. And, yes, I see that I can click on the option to only view collections. But I also have some books that I am still reading/sorting and I want to keep them on my kindle home screen for a while. Now those books that I am actively using are going to be mixed in with all the other books being listed that I actually only want to see when I go to the collection. Why would you force us to go through all the our books on the kindle home screen...which is for most of us 100s of books? Let's treat the books and collections more like computer documents. It is obviously possible to do so.I love amazon but I am hoping that someone is actually reading these and will update the kindle software. Please think about your kindle users!
My mom wasn't sure about a Kindle. She had a nook and learned that she loved reading books this way. The nook would become very heavy in her hands, bothering her arthritis. The nook would need charged after 1 day of reading. She also complained of her eyes becoming very dry and hurting. She was amazed how much better the kindle was. It can go days without needing charged. It's light weight and doesn't hurt her hands at all. The biggest improvement was her eyes. Her eyes stopped hurting and not drying out. Also on car rides the nook reflected so bad, she couldn't read in the car. The kindle does not do that. She LOVES her kindle.
Yeah... this is a really awesome device, even for an old-fashioned bookworm like me. I love the substance and smell of physical books. I held out against an e-reader for the longest time, until my unstoppable desire to read met the immovable reality of I-cannot-fit-any-more-books-on-these-shelves-if-I-tried. The illuminated screen is nice for reading in different light levels. I've even read with this in the dark before bed; the light isn't harsh on the eyes or especially sleep-preventing (no more so than a particularly interesting read would be, anyway). Most importantly, you can adjust the brightness to suit you best. They're not kidding when they say this thing is smaller than a paperback, either. It fits easily in one hand and isn't heavy. I had to get a flip case for mine just to feel secure about handling it, but I actually quite like it in the case with a bit of added bulk because it feels more book-like. The display really does look like a book page, where it's only black and white, so if you do a lot of graphic novel reading or illustrated books, this may not be an ideal choice. This thing does only books, but that gives it a similar appeal to specialized kitchen appliances: it does one thing really well, with no distractions. Apps and games belong on phones and tablets. If you're have similar shelf space dilemmas, or simply want a lighter, more portable option than new releases in hardback, the Kindle is for you.
On the whole, I like the Paper White, although I liked some of the features of my old Kindle better. The Paper White will often revert to icons when what I'm trying to do is just turn the page. Sometimes it will also open a window over the page with smaller writing. It's easy to get rid of, but what is the reason for this? I liked clicking the page turning buttons on the old Kindle better than swiping to turn a page. I also liked the list of books on my old Kindle's Home page better than the pictures of the book covers on the Paper  White, and I liked being able to delete books from the list after I was finished with them. With the Paper White, I have to delete books I don't want anymore on the Amazon web page, which is slightly more trouble than just doing it on the device. I had to replace my old Kindle after it got wet and some of the functions didn't work well (or at all) anymore. I like the back lighting on the Paper White. Downloading books seems to work better on the Paper White. On the old Kindle, I often had to use the sync function to get a book to download and even had to call Amazon a couple of times to get a book downloaded. I have never had a problem downloading a book on the Paper White.
I absolutely love my paperwhite. I would highly recommend this item!!! I was hesitant to purchase this item at first because I like having a physical book in my hands. However, my job requires me to travel and I just don't have the space to bring along multiple books, so I purchased this. Best thing I have done in a long time-I have purchased many books that I may not have read if they weren't so easily accessible. Since I loved mine so much, I have purchased two more as gifts
i bought the paperwhite kindle to replace my basic kindle thinking it was an upgrade and in some ways it is, others not so much.  First and to my horror it doesn't have a headphone jack so my many audible books cannot be used on it.  That to me is a BIG disadvantage and it I had known I wouldn't have purchased it as I listen to a lot of books on my kindle. I don't know how I missed that information about the device.  The light in it isn't to me as good as an add on light.  For some reason for me it doesn't work that well in the middle of the night when I can't get back to sleep and I have gone back to my clip on light to read which is another mark against the paperwhite.  I do like the new font, it does make reading easier, plus, plus.  But all in all, I like my old kindle without all the new additions better and wish I hadn't upgraded to the paperwhite.  Lesson learned, keep what works.
I am a BOOK reader and I've held off buying a Kindle for years.  At the same time, my wife is now on her second one (the previous generation Paperwhite) and really enjoys it.  I decided to "come to the dark side" when I found myself without a book 3 separate times in June and unable to get out to buy.  I'm only on my second book, but I'm already starting to find that this is a pretty good way to read.  The best part is that you don't need a light to read at night.  The second best part is being able to download a book practically any time you want.  Even "borrow" books from the Amazon or your own public library.  The only issue I've had is that occasionally the book turns ahead too many pages at once, and it's a bit difficult to find your place.  It's very easy to read, you can adjust the brightness and font size and type to suit.  Drops in any large pocket.  And holds a charge for several days reading, and I can even use my phone charger tor charging (Galaxy S3).  Very nice device, and the optional cover is nice too.
I already own a tablet and love it, but I don't like taking it with me when I have errands to run because I might leave it somewhere and never see it again. It's really expensive, and the only reason for me to take it is for reading in the waiting room at the doctors office, or waiting for something to be fixed or prepared. I heard about the newest Kindle and Kindle Paperwhite. The price is great. The size and weight is nice for my purse. If I lose it, it's only a hundred bucks instead of three or four hundred dollars. Plus I like reading with the Paperwhite (that's what I ended up with) because there is no eyestrain to worry about. These are the main reasons why I love the Kindle. There are more features I really like. I'm really glad that I took a chance.
First of all, I love to read. My wife said I would love Kindle, but I was skeptical. I thought I had enough experience with e-readers since I read news articles from my Iphone, and I didn't like it due to glaring screen and eye strains with long time reading. I have been using this device for 4 months now, finished a few books. Frankly, I wasn't that impressed when I was using this first time, and I was thinking about returning this. The reason was I got so used to reading only actual books, and I liked to touch actual paper when I read so I can write memos and highlight it for later reference. But after finishing my first book on Kindle, I was hooked. If you love to read and if you enjoy bedtime reading, I guarantee you won't regret.Good- lightweight. Light enough to hold this with one hand for long time. It doesn't matter if you read 1000 page Tolstoy's book, or weekly magazines.- Backlight. Yes, no light is needed. It doesn't matter if reading upside down on your bed or lie flat reading under celing light. No shadow and no eye strain.- Portability. It fits in my jacket pocket. No bag needed and you can carry hundreds of books all the time.- No eye strain. I have myopia and have to wear glasses when read. I don't need glasses when I use Kindle with average font size. You can change font size that you would like. Reading lying down on bed without glasses makes me much more comfortable. No eye strain even after hours of reading.- Easy dictionary access.- Easy highlights and clipping for later reference.- No waiting for UPS for delivery.Bad- Not all books are available as Kindle form.- it might occur to mine only, but the device occasionally gets very slow and re-boot.- Black and white. Less eye strain than colors, but hard to read graphs and tables.- No bargain price for books from outside vendors.Kindle isn't for any types of books. I still purchase actual books when I buy books for my professional field. I am in medical field, I don't buy Kindle version of medical books since it is hard to look up certain topics quickly and tables and graphs are very hard to read using Kindle. But if you enjoy reading overall, you will love this.
This is my second Kindle e-reader. I have the first generation one and it gathered dust because it hardly held a charge and could not be read in bed at night without a light or read outside in the park. Plus I always had to be near Wi Fi. Same with my Kindle Fire HD, though it was a vast improvement as an e-reader, but needed Wi Fi.  Since I do all my computer stuff (pay bills, surf, games, music, read, etc) on my android phone I had cut the expense of a router from my budget. Now I have my reading library accessible anywhere with no worries. This Kindle is much more user friendly than the first one but I wish they would put a drop down menu link to the user guide rather than have it floating around in the "library" when you need it. That would simplify things. I am used to Kindles and Android, so I find using this intuitive. The first Kindle case also fits over this one which is a plus. I only put the case on when I go out because I find the rubberized back and thin profile of the reader to be easy to hold. It really holds a charge and charges up rapidly in the wall plug. Any Android charger will fit. Soft, restful, adjustable backlighting and your choice of fonts make it a dream to read. I love this thing and highly recommend it to anyone looking for a great reading companion on a snowy night in front of the fireplace or on the beach or bike trail.
I LOVE my Kindle Paperwhite! If you're a fan of reading you NEED this! Here's the deal: the Paperwhite makes reading more comfortable and enjoyable by having an adjustable interface (font size & screen brightness) and helps me wind down after a long day without keeping me awake with a bright screen. I sleep better when I read for a few minutes on my Paperwhite before bed. Since the Paperwhite is lighter than a paperback book and easier to handle, I don't get fatigued holding it up to read when I'm laying in bed. The screen is also SHOCKINGLY fantastic in full sun! There was NO difference at all in looking at the screen in full sun vs shade. Both were easy and comfortable to read.I've been a Kindle App user on my iPad for years and always thought, "I don't really NEED a Kindle itself when I can just use my iPad!" Boy was I WRONG. I didn't realize how much the glare from the iPad screen was bothering my eyes until I tried the Paperwhite. All of a sudden reading was SO much more enjoyable! I've gone through books faster than ever using the Paperwhite than I ever did using the iPad. It's also easier to get comfortable reading while laying down when using the Paperwhite than it ever was with the iPad.All in all, I love my Paperwhite and once my husband saw how much I was enjoying reading again, he started borrowing it and claiming it as his! Well, I just ordered him his own so he can keep his paws off MY Kindle Paperwhite!
My eyes are getting bad and reading in anything other than bright light was difficult. With the Paperwhite being backlit and having adjustable fonts was perfect. I'm enjoying reading again. I liked it so much I bought one for my 71 yo sister and 92 yo Mother.UPDATEWell I've had this for a while now and have changed my rating from 5 to 1. I was under the impression you could use this to read books from the city library, but you can't. Amazon has limited you to their content only and the free material is very limited. I would send it back if I could.Spend half as much for a regular 7" Kindle Fire, get a free library card and read for FREE. The library has a larger selection of books and they are FREE. Plus you can get audio books on the regular Kindle because it has a speaker and a headphone jack. I'm so mad at myself for buying these Paperwhites.
I have been using readers for years. A friend suggested I try the Kindle since I have been using my Samsung tablet for a reader. I found that I can not only read faster, the strain on my eyes is much less and the best part is the battery life. I charged the book when I first got it. 4 weeks later I needed to recharge after reading 7 books. WOW, that is great since I used to have to charge my tablet daily or twice daily.Another thing I like is the fact it fits in my purse and it is easy to carry.The light feature make it easy to read in the dark.
I bought this Kindle Paperwhite for the new 'Bookerly' font (designed by Amazon), also for the 300ppi screen, also for the improved back-lighting. That is the trifecta of things you need to have a great book reading experience: an easy to read font, a clear and sharp screen, and an adjustable back-light for all situations. WHAT ABOUT REGULAR PAPER BOOKS? Paper books will always hold a place in my heart and home. I reserve getting physical books for the ones I will read time and time again, and for those that I want to have on display at home. Living in a New York City 1-bedroom you are limited with space, so you have to be selective with what books you want to buy and show, because when it's time to move apartments all those heavy books will be a real pain to carry. DIGITAL BOOKS I've been able to fit nearly my entire collection of physical books on my Kindle (with my iPad storing more colorful books and magazines). You have no idea how much physical space you save, how much less weight there is to carry around, to have your entire book collection in your hands, accessible at any time. I've given or donated most of my books to make more space for less complicated living. DESIGN AND FEATURES The physical design of this hasn't changed from its previous iteration and thank goodness for that. The design didn't require any changes. I am able to use the same case as before. The only subtle difference is the "Kindle" on the front has changed from white to black glossy, much more classier and subtle.Back-lighting has been improved for a bigger range of brightness. Interface remains mostly unchanged. The speed is as fast as can be expected for an e-reader. The experimental browser works fine as a backup Internet browser in case your other devices aren't available. The weight feels nearly weightless, with a case on it feels like a light paperback; you can toss it in any bag without feeling weighed down.Nothing much needs to be said about the screen. The Kindle has refined over time the look and feel of the screen to replicate the page of a book; I think it does it well.The new 'Bookerly' font, which is updated on the Kindle app as well, is a beautiful new font and my new standard go to. The font looks stylish, timeless, and makes me *feel* like I'm reading a physical book; it really was the selling point for me (as a designer). ACCESSORIES People recommend a screen protector and case. I think the screen protector is unnecessary (unless you're really clumsy), but you should get a case, not only to protect it, but to keep it in good condition for resale value. I highly recommend theAmazon Kindle Paperwhite Case. They come in multiple colors, fits like a glove, has a restrained classy look (with a very nice dark gray interior), and will turn on/off your Kindle automatically when you open it. Another accessory to have is a fast charger; I think you don't need to buy the official one, you can use any fast charging USB charger. BATTERY LIFE You barely have to charge it. That's how long it lasts. Once a month seems average; it will all depends on how much you read and how often you have the back-light on. It will turn off automatically after a user-set time, or when you close the cover on a compatible case. THE FUTURE OF E-BOOK READERS This is *the* best e-book reader out there at the moment, hands down. The only thing that I can think of that can be improved in the future is processing speed for page turns, increased capacity, and even longer battery life. Those things will happen over time, otherwise this should be your only choice.My only e-reader before this was the previous Kindle Paperwhite. I had such a great experience with it that I sold it to upgrade to this one right away. If you've never owned a Kindle, and you read a lot of regular books, you need to get one. Recommended!
Pros compared to my old Kindle Touch:1) I love the backlighting.  Seriously, I don't know how I managed to do without it for so long.  I no longer have to tilt my reader to catch the ideal amount of light.  It's just right.2) The increased resolution makes books, articles, magazines much more readable.  It's a huge upgrade.3) Speed.  Turning pages, moving things around in collections, downloading new material -- everything is just faster.The cons:1) Swiping the screen to unlock.  I have plenty of tablets that require me to swipe them to start using them.  It's not something I ever wanted in a reader.2) Airplane mode -- in the settings instead of on the main drop down menu.  It seems a poor choice to be allowed to turn wireless on from the main menu, but not turn it off from there as well.3) The cloud -- I only turn wireless on when I sync, otherwise it's turned off to minimize battery usage.  Having popup messages every time I move things around into collections after I've synced, telling me that my cloud collections aren't going to be updated if wireless isn't on -- yeah, I get it.  Collections in the cloud are, for me, useless.  I read, I delete, and I almost never read on a device other than my Paperwhite.  It would be nice to be able to turn those off.Still gets a five-star from me, despite the cons.  It's a great improvement from my old Kindle Touch.
A decent upgrade from a 5th gen Kindle. The resolution is nice. My only significant negative criticisms are the lack of hardware buttons and color temperature of the light source.If you touch the screen by accident, the page will advance and this gets a little annoying. It's like trying to hold a book without touching the words with your thumb. Sometimes it's more comfortable to hold that way but it's not possible with the Paperwhite; you have to hold the Paperwhite by the bezels exclusively. Implementing hardware buttons doesn't justify the extra $80 to get a Voyage. Omitting such a critical and low-cost feature and offering it in a higher-end model leaves slightly bitter tastes in an overall good experience.The color temperature is too blue. As we're seeing with Apple and Amazon, blue light is tapered out of displays as we get closer to nighttime. The whole point of the Paperwhite light is so that we can read in low-light situations. The light should be warmer/redder so that it's easier on the eyes at night.
I bought this on a whim.  (You know when you're just in the mood to buy something, because you haven't bought anything for yourself in awhile?)  I really didn't expect to use it much.  I'm a pretty avid reader, and have many books that I've read multiple times.  I like having at least a couple of books on my nightstand at any given time, going from one to the other depending on my mood.  I didn't believe that an electronic device could satiate my reading addiction.  I've tried reading on phones and computers and tablets before, and it's always a disappointing experience.  My eyes get tired even halfway through an article, let alone an entire chapter.  So, I was prepared for the worst when I got my Kindle.Boy was I wrong.  From the minute I started setting up my library accounts to borrow books, to the 3rd hour of a reading marathon without eye strain, the Kindle has exceeded my expectations.  Battery life is great too.  On frequent nightly use, I charge it about once a month.I've had it for close to a half a year now, so I guess I'm qualified to come up with some cons.  On reflection, I can come up with two (admittedly) nitpick-y ones, but worth noting.  First, every so often (say once out of 50 times) I'll go to open my Kindle only to have it freeze up.  A quick 30-second reboot fixes this annoyance, and doesn't erase any of your bookmarks or data.  The 2nd one is the Goodreads app that pops up at the beginning and end of a read.  It's supposed to facilitate choosing other books you might be interested in (as well as other social media type stuff), but I really just feel it gets in the way.  Maybe this would be a pro for some folks, but not this folk.Anyway, if you're like me and you're on the fence about buying a Kindle because you'll miss the smell of the ink or feel of a book in your hands, I still think this is a worthy addition.  It doesn't replace your library, but give it a try if only for a way to bring your library with you when travelling!
Only lasts a year.  This is the second Kindle I bought for my husband.  First one lasted about 5 years.  Second one I bought for him was this Paperwhite and he likes it - except the charging port began to malfunction after about 11 months and he's sick and tired of it not charging correctly for the last two months.  Will buy him another and the warranty.  Somewhere there must be a pile of dead Kindles a mile high - shame.
Worth it. I love it. I love reading and love books and this is helpful for all the books that maybe i wouldn't want a physical copy of. I am impressed with the kindle actually. Love the way it operates and had the word wise and dictionary and other tools. I hate reading on screens and was worried it would be similar, I am happy to say it is not! Its seems a little too expensive considering that e-readers have been around for so long. Overall I am very pleased with this device and would buy it again. wish it came with a charger tho one can never have enough chargers it seems. Oh one last thing the advertisements....all have been about other books or the kindle case and actually I like being informed on the deals or featuring of a new title i havnt seen. And I don't think I will be paying the money to have them taken away as much as I initially thought the advertisements were a huge bummer. Also wish it were waterproof but oh well I'll just keep it away from water.
As I've gotten older, I require more light to see to read.  I would often forgo using my old kindle because I could not see to read without the light of day.  This Paperwhite E-Reader impressed me right away with the ability to use any time, day or night.  It did not take too long to adjust to, the concept is the same as my older kindle.  I do miss the buttons on each side of the unit to turn pages, but I am adjusting to using the finger tip to tap inside of the kindle frame to turn the page.  The screen does not show finger prints.  I rather wish I had paid the extra 20$ to buy the No - Ads version, as I find the ads annoying and obtrusive.  I like the features of adjusting text, landscape layout, dictionary and vocabulary assist.  I would love to help edit some of the many discrepancies I note in the definitions which can be scandalously out of context in the reading of a book.  For people new to the English language relying on the incorrect definitions, or ESL, it would be downright confusing.  I enjoy reading again, thanks to this wonderful backlit technological wonder.  I recommend this product and would definitely buy again.  Without the Ads.
Just received this & it has what I really wanted. A light that pops on when the cover is opened & it's anti-glare. I haven't figured out everything, yet, but with time I'll get it. My huge mistake was trying to load my 2500 books from my old Kindle. After hours & hours of transferring them 1 by 1, I didn't even have 1000 of them moved. THEN, I discovered there was "all" at the top left side of the home page & I tapped it & everything was moved instantly! I have questions about the 2 months of a free offer I'm supposed to have, but I've put the question out to the kindle community for an answer. Also, this Kindle has the voice feature so books can be read while traveling. What I really dislike is the ads for books that pop up when you open it. My very first one was for a book I found offensive. I haven't figured out how to get the ads removed & completely stopped from appearing. And I haven't yet figured out how to erase everything from my old Kindle without losing what I've moved to my new Kindle. Then I can give it to my granddaughter. Wish i would've bought it a long time ago!
The kindle has been reviewed thoroughly, so I'll just add a few sentences on the "certified refurbished" aspect of my purchase.I used the 'Amazon trade-in' feature to properly dispose of a 2011 year kindle while getting credit toward the purchase of a paperwhite replacement. The trade in worked flawlessly as usual with Amazon returns and the "new to me" refurbished paperwhite (delivered in one day) arrived sooo refurbished that I couldn't tell it from brand new - and perhaps it was...returned by a repentant lover of yesteryear's simple, paper page!At any rate, if a ~30% discount on a "like new" paperwhite tempts, and that temptation is further aided by an additional $20 (or more) off for the return of an aged device, then succumb, give-in, give-up, the deal is good, no tricks, no worries, get one.
I LOVE LOVE LOVE my Kindle Paperwhite. I was always sort of apprehensive about switching from a book to an E-Reader. However, I picked up a Nook a few years ago from a yard sale for $5. I figured for $5, it was worth a try. I like the E-Reader. I wasn't a huge fan of the Nook, but I liked the way an E-Reader worked. The last few years, I have really bought into the Amazon world, my son has a Kindle, I have a Fire Phone, a FireTV and use Amazon's storage service, as well as I am a Prime Member. The Kindle Paperwhite is really the luxury of the E-Readers. The screen size is slightly larger than your typical paperback novel page. The clarity is much better, and you can read in the dark and the slight glow of the backlight doesn't give me a headache. When I tried to read on the iPad, I would get headaches. With the Paperwhite, I do not.If you are looking to switch from the Nook(Barnes & Noble) to the Kindle, then look no further than the paperwhite. The Amazon experience is much better than Barnes & Noble. Amazon supports their products very well, and the book prices on the Kindle store are far less expensive than Barnes & Noble, and if you are a Prime Member, then it's even cheaper.All in all, the Paperwhite is a great buy, and a great product. The batter life lasts for weeks. I went about a month an didn't use my Paperwhite, when I opened it up, it had pretty much the same battery power that was left when I had closed the cover a month before.
No exaggeration in that title. As soon as my Paperwhite arrived I was reading like crazy. I downloaded so many free books on my to-read list from my local library and I haven't turned back. I've only had this bad boy for about a month but I'm already on my 5th book. I have the power to read anywhere I want, in any lighting - lying in bed at night, lounging by the pool out back, relaxing on an airplane, etc. I have TOO much power. I love the battery life on the Paperwhite as well. This is my first e-reader so I wasn't sure what to expect, but I can promise you the Paperwhite has exceeded my expectations by far. I have a cute Starry Night case for it and get so many compliments when I take it with me in public. I'm only left wondering why I hadn't bought this before.
This is the second Kindle Paperwhite E-reader.  I can promise you that it pays for itself.  We bought the first one for my husband who loves to read and I mean loves to read.  He is not at all tech savey and did not think he would be able to see or even use it. Now you could not pay him to give it up.  It has already paid for itself and saved us a lot of money.  The second one which is this one was a Christmas gift for our oldest granddaughter who also walks around with a book in her had.  Now she just pops this in her back pack and she and her grandfather both talk about their new books.  I do want to explain that many people ask about the lighting and rest assured this is the best. You can literally read any time or place.  My husband is 69 years old and his eyes are not as great as he would like, he has raved to all his friends about being able to read even if there is no light on at all.  You will love this if you love to read and with prime you will never pay for a book again.  This is also the greatest gift you can give any one who loves to read.  If you have any questions please just let me know. I hope this helps you.
Yes, I really like my new Kindle Paperwhite e-reader.  I already have (dare I say it...) a NOOK reader from that other company but - and this is a big deal for me- what I really like about the Kindle is that I also now have a membership in the Kindle Unlimited program.  It's like a lending library.  I pay a flat fee and can borrow up to ten books at a time.  When I'm done reading them (things I want to read  but don't want to own or re-read) I can return those borrowed books and get more.  I've read through the Kindle Unlimited catalog (alright, most of it,  it's massive) and there are a lot of books I want to read but not necessarily own.  I also get a daily email from BOOKBUB listing what books are available for special pricing (somewhere between $2.99 and free).  I've noticed that in many instances books I might to read are available via Amazon/Kindle and not available for my NOOK.  In a bit of irony, I was able to buy a Kindle Paperwhite how-to manual and a user guide for my NOOK so when setting up my Paperwhite I was able to read the manual on one device to set up the other.  As I'm technically challenged I need to see and then do.  I need the instructions at hand.  I'll definitely keep up my Kindle Unlimited subscription.  That is what I am enjoying.  The ONLY wish-it-were-better item I have is that I wish the Paperwhite screen was just a little larger.  That's all.  I've read some of the other comments about turning pages.  No issue.  Just tap the right side of the screen and you page forward.  Tap the left and you page back.  It fits into all of my purses.  I love it.
I have resisted getting a Kindle for a long time as I have several high end tablets and had been using the Kindle app on them.  I decided that it was time to give the Kindle a try.  The first benefit of the Kindle Paperwhite over a tablet is that the batteries last for a very long time much longer than any of my tablets.  I have gone for weeks without recharging the Paperwhite.  The second advantage is that the Paperwhite is just the right size to easily fit in my back pocket which means I'm likely to have it with me.  The third is that it is very light which makes it more enjoyable to hold for extended periods of time.  The fourth benefit is that the Kindle Paperwhite allows me to organize my library.  I typically read several books at a time which I realize not everyone does but since I do, organizing my library is a feature I really like.  Fifth is that the Paperwhite is really easy on my eyes.  The text is at least as clear to me as a good quality printed book and probably better.  One final benefit for me is that I can let my son read my Kindle Paperwhite and know that he is actually reading and not surfing the web or playing Clash of Clans or 8-Ball Pool.  Bottom line is that I will probably always have a tablet but for reading the Kindle Paperwhite is significantly better.
The text is crisp and clean, the built-in light ensures I can read in any lighting without it being hard on my eyes, the battery life is great, the storage size is accommodating, the font and other reading options are great, downloading books or transferring them from my PC is quick and easy, and it's thin and lightweight.I only have a couple gripes.First - and this is a tiny, tiny gripe - when you put the Kindle to sleep, it displays an ad for a recommended book. I think the option to have it display the cover of the book I'm reading would be a nice touch. Not a huge deal, and some people may appreciate the recommendations, but again, I think the option would be a nice touch.Second, the way 'collections' are handled is a mess. If you've got a few hundred books and want to organize them into collections, you're going to spend more time and effort doing so than you'd like. The ability to drag and drop books into collections while the Kindle is connected to a PC would be fantastic. Right now you have to tap-hold a collection, tap the menu, then scroll through all of your books, tap-selecting them one by one to add them to the collection. It's extremely inefficient. Once you have all of your books organized, though, it's not that big a deal. It's simple to add a single new book you just bought to a collection. It's that initial setup of a big library that's a pain.So the first gripe is mainly personal, and the second can be dealt with and even kinda goes away once you're all set up and organized.Overall, I'm extremely happy with my Paperwhite. I love that I can carry my entire library around with me on a sleek, lightweight device that's so small that it actually fits in some of my pockets. The E Ink Pearl technology is brilliant, and along with the light (which you can adjust the brightness of), I can read anywhere in any lighting conditions, including in the sun. Some e-readers have more storage (the Paperwhite has 4GB), but I've got well over 300 books installed and am only using about a half a GB, so I should be able to install around 1,000 books or more, which is more than I'll ever need.Whether you're a casual reader or a prolific reader, whether you're young or old, I don't see how you can go wrong with the Paperwhite. And if you're the type that loves to hold a real book in your hands and smell the paper, go to Best Buy and check out the Paperwhite. You might be surprised.9.5/10
I love this! So much nicer to read on than my iPad. There isn't a glare and the light aids in reading in dim or dark atmospheres. The only thing that I am having to get attuned to is the touchy controls being that I am a creature of apple products. This was a great deal/steal too bought on prime day for $89! This device is very user friendly and setup was a breeze. I'm still checking out all the features. I can't see there is a audio jack for books that are audible ready so I'm guessing you have to use another device to listen but it's no biggie. Overall I'm very happy! This is a definite must have product for bookworms out there.
My first e-reader. I'm in love with it. If you're thinking of going e-book, here's pros and cons vs a paperback/hardback book.Pros:--It always weighs the same. No more massive paperbacks that you can barely open (I'm looking at you, Robert Jordan).--The light is almost perfectly even so you can keep reading even as the sun sets and changes the light in the room you're in. (the uneven part is all at the bottom below the last line of text so it doesn't really matter).--It tells you how many minutes to finish the book ... not that this keeps me from "one more chapter before I go to bed" but it ought to.--As I get older, I'll still be able to read my books instead of having to get large print versions because I can make the print any size I want.--No one can tell what you're reading and then mock you for the ridiculous cover image (which you have to admit, a lot of books have very mockable covers--or worse, if it's your parents and you're reading a romance).--You can take as many books as you want on vacation and not have to have a separate luggage for them all (you know, in case you're in the mood for a different book)--It stays "open" to the same page you were reading when you closed it. Or dropped it because you were mugged by your cat(s). No more losing bookmarks down the back of the sofa cushions. (Or having said cats play with the bookmark tassel until they unravel it.)--the above pro also means it's way easier to put down momentarily to pay attention to the other humans or four-foots in the house. You can pick it back up and instantly keep reading, without having to find the bookmark, put it in the book, put the book aside, and then do all that in reverse to get going again.--No eye strain beyond what you'd get from a normal paperback book--You can't be allergic to it; to the book mold because it won't ever have any. (So nice not to be constantly sniffling while I'm reading!)--If you are an avid reader and like to re-read your books, and you end up collecting in the thousands of books, this is way easier to move when you have to change houses/apartments!--You don't have to buy a book until you're ready to read it. E-books (as far as I can tell) don't go out of print. So you don't have to snag that book in the series that only stays in print for 6 months now even though you're in the middle of another massive series and won't get to that book for quite some time.Cons--It's black and white. Completely. No cover pictures in color, no illustrations in color. For that you'll need a tablet and the Kindle app (or the physical book). And tablets come with physical eye strain.--You can't zoom in on a map illustration ... or I haven't figured out how to, yet. This "con" might be a lack of knowledge on my part!--It's got a battery. Which means it could run out in the middle of a book. So you have to keep an eye on it. However, if you do most of your reading at home (or within reach of a plug) it's fairly simple to plug it in and keep reading. Also, the battery lasts for weeks, unlike a tablet battery.--It's harder to browse your books. The Kindle has a horrible sorting style (author or title, that's it, unless you have collections which you do manually to add books to each collection, and you can't "nest" collections). I do wish it would sort by series too. Some series are 10 books or more (over 40 in one case) and it'd be nice to have a view of just series names. I use Calibre to organize my books and just put on the Kindle what I'm currently reading if I'm not heading on vacation in order to get past this one.Neither Pro nor Con--it won't read to you out loud. Well, neither will a physical book.To sum up: I hate change. I collected books for the last 39 years and I never thought I'd ever like an e-reader until I developed allergies and was forced to move to one. Now I love it and wish I'd switched ages ago ... except the older e-readers weren't nearly as good (I read a book on my sister's previous generation Kindle and missed that "frontlight" this one has so very badly!) Love my Kindle! Especially with a cover that has the "other" side to the book so the transition to e-reader wasn't quite such a shock to me.
I love how light-weight it is, and the fonts are clear enough. But I am finding the highlighting function much more tedious than on the Kindle app on my iPad. Kindle books can be great - depending on production - and so much handier than printed books in some ways - for highlighting and notes, but for me this device does not cut it. If you just want to read a book, that has words, and no illustrations, fine. With images, it is disappointing. With highlighting it is disappointing. I am glad I have it for the things it is good for.
I upgraded from the standard non-touch 5th Generation Kindle. After having a Nook w/ Glowlight for sometime, I finally decided that I wanted that feature from my Kindle. I was enticed to this model with the new 300 PPI screen, and felt that it was a decent price point compared to the Voyage.I definitely notice a difference with the upgraded resolution. Text appears much sharper than on my old Kindle. I do wish that the contrast was a bit better, but overall the reading experience is excellent. I quite enjoy the new Bookerly font, and have it set as my default for most books. The new engine appears to work great, as page turns are very quick now.Overall I am very happy with the device, however I did notice that in the bottom right corner the screen appears to have some discoloration. It's not bad enough for me to notice, but hopefully it was just a dud. For those who have previously owned a Kindle Paperwhite, there's not much to say about the updated version. If you are upgrading from the standard Kindle, you will definitely enjoy this model.
When it was time to replace my rather old Paperwhite, I first got an Oasis. It was an extravagant purchase but I figured with as much as I read on my Kindle it would be worth it. Unfortunately, try as I might, I could not find a comfortable way to hold the Oasis in my smaller hands. I tend to curl a finger over text and, even using a cover, the bezel was still too narrow to keep my thumbs from accidentally turning the page due to the touch screen.So, it was back to the Paperwhite, which I was a bit disappointed about. I shouldn't have been. I am shocked at what an improvement it is from my first Paperwhite! The text is more crisp and clear (the one thing I loved about the Oasis; I'm so happy Amazon gave the Paperwhite 300 ppi as well) and content does seem to download more quickly than first-generation Paperwhites.Since the bezel is *not* flush with the screen, I can "hook" my finger over the bezel without turning pages, and if I flip back the cover instead the bezel is still wide enough that the edge of my thumb can hang a touch over the screen *without* touching it. The bottom bezel is large enough for both my thumbs when I hold it that way. Basically, you can actually get a grip on this Kindle that doesn't involve pinching it (which is what the Oasis forced me to do; also, holding my thumb exactly parallel to the long edge of the screen, as pictured in the promo photos, cramps my wrist almost immediately, so no dice there).As an added bonus, I got it in white, which is my personal favorite color for technogizmos. My kindle now matches my desktop, phone and laptop, which is cool.So why four, and not five, stars? Unfortunately, for the first time ever, I seem to have the uneven lighting issue other users have complained about on the bottom of the screen. Until I experienced it myself, I confess I thought those reviewers were making mountains out of molehills but it is indeed pretty distracting. For now, I'm going to try to deal with it since between the Oasis and this device I have a bit of return/refund fatique. But we'll see, maybe I'll get used to it. Even if I have to exchange this one for another one with even lighting, however, I will still be thrilled to have gone back to the Paperwhite.......And yet, if the Kindle Keyboard made a comeback with a backlight, what a joy that would be...
I have been using Kindles since the first generation.  I haven't bought every version since they came out but I now have several.  The Kindle Paperwhite (KPW) is an excellent e-reader. If you actually want to read a book like I do, this is an excellent device for it. It is light a durable. The backlighting can be quickly adjusted to the circumstances I am reading under (full sun, partial light in the office, dark in bed at night).  Also, I appreciate the excellent screen definition. The text and other information is crisp and clear.  Compared to my older Kindles this one is lighter, brighter, crisper, faster, and lasts longer on a charge.  Compared to my other two tablets, the same thing, lighter, bright as or brighter, crisp as or crisper, fast, lasts DAYS and WEEKS longer. Again, if you want to read books (and not surf the internet, play games, or other things) than this is an excellent device to use.  I take mine with me in my briefcase everywhere.
I love the Kindle Paperwhite!  I've had a Nook for a couple of years, finding lately I'm charging it more frequently and having trouble turning on and off easily.  If there's any drawback to the Kindle, it's that the screen doesn't light as brightly as the Nook's; also, when Amazon had its July 12th sale, I found the same Kindle for $30 less than I paid not even two weeks earlier and I couldn't get a credit for that $30; I could send back the one first ordered and order the sale one, but I'd since downloaded and paid for several books and had my library connection set up.  So I just bit the bullet.  That aside, the Kindle works in so many ways more easily than the Nook.  When books I've put on reserve at the library become available for the Kindle/Nook, it's so much easier to download those books from the library to my Kindle than was the case with the Nook.  I just finished my first book on my Kindle and I like the display of reading time and book left to read display at the bottom of the page.  And I know I'm going to like a much longer charge time.  The less-lighted page is no problem at all.  I usually have a reading light on at my bed when I read at night, but I could even read the screen without additional lighting.  I'm going to enjoy this Kindle for a good long while.
I am really impressed with the quality of this product. The screen looks like and even feels a bit like a page in a book. I thought the ads where going to bother me but they are just like a screen saver, no biggie and I saved $40 getting the refurbished with ads. I was undecided about whether to get the black or white version. In videos comparing the two I noticed that the black one made the wording pop out more like a frame but I wanted the border to look more like a book so I went with the white kindle. I am really happy with the white one, its not stark white like I thought it would be more like a light cream color. It looks classy and it doesnt remind me that Im looking at a screen like I feel the black one would. I bought a super cute case from klevercase it looks perfect with it. Looks like a vintage book. https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004S235BW/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o01_s00?ie=UTF8&psc;=1
[ASIN:B00OQVZDJM Kindle Paperwhite E-reader, 6" High-Resolution Display (300 ppi) with Built-in Light, Wi-Fi - Includes Special Offers]UPDATE 6/6/2016 I've been reading late at night when all other lights are turned off and the text is crisp and clear in the Voyage, unlike the Paperwhite with 300ppi. While the light is adequate in the Paperwhite there is a distinct yellowish cast that decreases the brightness and clarity if the text. Now I even notice the tint when the light is dim and I find I have to increase the brightness level to a higher number than on the Voyage. I know that the light is "adaptive" and decreases on it's on but I have to readjust it on my Paperwhites and I don't on the Voyage..UPDATE 3/17/2016 With the release of the 2015 Paperwhite (7th generation) I can no longer justify additional $80.00 since the only difference is the pagepress that is offered on the Voyage. Like the Voyage the 7th generation PW now has 300 ppi and the crisper, bolder text on both devices is probably a result of Amazons manufacturer in Taiwan using E-Ink's new "Carta" displays instead of the previously used "Pearl" displays that was used on previous versions of the Kindle I love that and have been waiting for years for this has made a much needed improvement in the look of the screen. All of Amazons readers now have 4GB of storage.You can read my review for the 7th generation PaperwhiteKindle Paperwhite, 6" High-Resolution Display (300 ppi) with Built-in Light, Wi-Fi - Includes Special OffersPaperwhite.UPDATE: 6/12/15 Recently, Ive been afflicted with Bells Palsy which has affected my right eye significantly and the Voyage is mush easier to read from than the last Paperwhite, although I still use it as a backup since I have to charge so much because of usage. The lighting is better, especially at night and the contrast outside during the days is much better. I have a top of the line UV screen in my glasses which helps with reading outdoors and does improve glare indoors but since this latest illness Ive noticed that my glasses are not working as well as the did. I am planning on getting a new RX, I just want to wait a little to make sure that everything is as stable as it can be and when I do I will ask the doctor, not the optometrists who unfortunately are on commission so will try to up-sell on products wont work and arent needed if there is a lens that helps decrease eye strain in indoor lighting. Ive seen ads for the new Foster Grant readers that say they have a lens that does, if there are any users that have used the product, please email and give your opinion, Id really appreciate it.UPDATE: MAY 18,2015:I've been using the Voyage as my primary device for a few months and I am still happy with the purchase. I love being able to integrate collections between devices, but there are still a few kinks that need to be worked out. Since I read so much I find the battery life is the pits, even with WI-FI turned off and turning the off the light if I am outdoors or in a well lit room and setting it between 12 & 14 when I read in bed without any other light source I am having to charge it every other day.There are many others that have written excellent reviews that are very detailed; some include videos and I am not going to repeat what they have done. These are a few reviews that helped me decide to purchase my Voyage; MG Furmann, Sarah E, J Chambers, Phil in Magnolia, Randall, Michael Gallagher, Brad V, Bichon Mom, R Song and Court G. This review will be what I like and what I dont..There are not a lot of big differences in this version of the Paperwhite and the 2014 version. Most people say, that the only way they notice the difference between the 212 ppi and 300 ppi is if they look at them side by side and while this is true at first its not the case with me.  I am a voracious reader, I read for several hours every day and I can tell the difference in the clarity and crispness of the print.  Like many others, as I have aged my eyesight has diminished and this improvement has helped decrease the strain and fatigue that I experience.  The crisper and bolder text is probably the result of Amazons manufacturer in Taiwan  they are using E-Ink's new "Carta" displays instead of the previously used "Pearl" displays that was used on previous versions of the Kindle I love that and have been waiting for years for this has made a much needed improvement in the look of the screen.The 7th generation (2015) Kindle Paperwhite like the 7th Generation Kindle Voyage allows you set the adjust the lighting level and as you continue reading it automatically dims the light to what it thinks is appropriate; this is a feature I dont like since I am always having to adjust it to what I had it set on to begin with.  Maybe in the next release there will be a way for the user to turn this feature off.  I also think that the 20.00 price increase was a little much; especially since the Kindle touch now has 212 ppi and is currently $79.00.  Since they no longer offer the Paperwhite with 212 ppi, I feel that they could have kept the price at $99.00 or at least include the 9W charger that they make you purchase separately. I feel that the prices for the Paperwhite, Voyage and now the Oais have enough of a profit margin to include the $20.00 9W charger that can be ourchase at less than half the cost on EBAY.  I realize that they also doubled the storage from 2GB to 4GB, but this is what Amazon uses for all their readers and considering the quantity that they purchase for their devices I doubt that they are paying 1% of $20.00 for the larger chip.  By making all the readers use the same storage chip they no longer have to purchase two different sizes for them which also saves them money.  However, the Paperwhite is still much less than the Voyage and now that both devices have 300 ppi there is no way I could justify purchasing a Voyage I am not one of those that feel they have to have the latest model as soon as it is released.  (I've since purchased a Voyage when it was on sale for one of the holidays)..I'd like to see a way to enlarge maps more than they do currently. I read a lot of fantasy and even using the magnification provided and a magnifying glass viewing maps is difficult. I'm not asking for color, just a clearer, larger, crisper view for maps. I had the Kindle Fire at one point and while maps looked great, the device is not suitable for long-term reading (there is not a tablet that is IMO) and there were other problems that made me decides that Kindle Fire was not the tablet for me.I review for authors and sometimes they do not have a MOBI file so I have to use another type which I then convert to MOBI is it doesnt have DRM and the quality leaves a lot to be desired and its worse if I cant convert. A smoother, better integration for other file types would be a great addition. There are other devices that I could use for these types of file but Kindle is the only one that does not strain my eyes and the only device that is suitable for reading outdoors.I am, and have always been an avid reader and my bedside and home has always had too many books. (My husband is grateful that I am no longer frequently bringing more bags of books home). I do pay many books forward, donate and trade others, but there were always so many I wanted to keep for one reason or another.Ive listened to audio books before but its not the same and I dont like enjoy it like I do reading. I would find not being able to read insufferable.. That being said, there is still the same six fonts,(Amazon now has 8 fonts on the Paperwhite and Voyage) and other settings there have been since I bought my first 4th Gen device. I would like more; a wider selection of fonts and at least two more font sizes (4 would be fantastic), with the size increases starting after the second font.  I don't find the new Bookerly font to be better as Amazon claims and I still find the Caecilia Condensed to be the best font for me to read with on all my devices.Amazons e-Readers are the only device that I would recommend for reading.  Unlike tablets, computer, phones and other readers it is the only one that has the same quality as reading a printed book.  I have tried reading outside with other devices, but the glare makes it almost impossible unlike the Kindle e-Readers.  I have owned almost every generation since the 4th generation and I am very happy with this device and I have recommended to many people.4.5/5 STARS
It is okay and does the job. I had a paperwhite without the "free" 3g and it worked fine but I decided that I wanted the free 3g because I turned off my internet. The only way you can turn off the 3g is by using the airplane mode otherwise your kindle will be dead with in a couple of hours. Honestly, if I had not gifted my other paperwhite to my daughter, I would return it. You can easily use wifi at work, coffee houses, phone whatever to download your books.I like the paperwhite and love my kindles. I have one that is 10 years old that I still use. This paperwhite is easier to navigate and lighter. I recommend the paperwhite just not the 3g.
This is the 4th kindle that I have bought and every single one of them have not lasted long at all.  The first three were kindle fires for my grandchildren.  I thought that maybe I would risk getting a kindle specifically for reading since both of my daughters had one and they liked them.  That was a big mistake!  I used this kindle for approximately 2 to 3 hours and had to charge it.  It will not charge.  I've tried different chargers thinking that it may be the charger.  I've tried different outlets, no charge.  It is still laying on my desk dead as a doornail. I mainly got it for outdoor reading since my ipad and iPhone goes black under the sun.  I wish someone would create an app or hardware that would let you read while you are outside in the sun for your ipad or iPhone.  If anyone has an idea on how to get it charged please let me know.
Love it. This is my second one. The first I accidentally dropped in the pool and it didn't work after that but I had that one for 6 years with no problems. Paperwhite Kindle is great for outdoors in full sun and in bed at night!
I am extremely disappointed.  I purchased a new paperwhite with a birthday gift card from my son. After approximately 6 weeks the screen had a flaw when I turned it on. It had screen protection and a rubber case to keep it protected which I purchased at the same time.  I called and they said to return it.  I did and in its place I was sent a refurbished paperwhite.  I paid for a new one and had barely used it.  If I had wanted someone else's older refurbished version it would have cost me less and would have been a lot less hassle. So beware if you buy a new one and you have problems they will not replace it with a new one.
First, if you intend to use this to read, not wander the net, put it in airplane mode so you don't drain the battery.  Second, do not expect the battery charge to last for "weeks". It will last for several days, depending on how much you read. Being able to control the light intensity is nice. The print is easy on the eyes. The size is nice - like holding a lightweight paperback, which is just the perfect size to slip easily into a messenger bag or purse. The only reason for 4 stars is the description saying the battery charge lasts for weeks. Then the fine print explains if in airplane mode, if used for 30 minutes a day, and if the light is at level 10 - which isn't very bright. If you are upgrading from a previous Kindle, Amazon makes it super simple. In no time you have access to your books. It comes with 3 instruction books already loaded. Even the most recent gives information that doesn't fit the device, but the device isn't all that different from the Fire. A little Sherlocking, sorts it all out.
I think that the Kindle Paperwhite is great for use at the gym, for reading at night, and reading on the go. The screen doesn't have the same shake effect that occurs when looking at phones and reading and also has adjustable light displays. It is comfortable on the eyes and makes it much easier to travel with a library in your pocket. The one issue I do have with it is the screen sensitivity and if I don't book mark a page while reading I could get lost and with e-boooks sometimes its harder to find that page. I do love the dictionary aspect being right at your fingertips, it really helps when I want to see whether it was a use for a word I didn't know or if an author made a typo. I think that it has changed my reading experience in a positive way. I just wish it was better with bookmarking and to keep your page if you accidentally touch the screen because it is incredibly frustrating to try to locate your spot again especially when the book is like 3,000 pages. It becomes a needle in a haystack scenario.
Excellent e-book.  Zero complaints and plenty of praise for it's use and versatility as an e-book.  Why not 5 stars?  For reasons known only to Amazon, they decided to make the Paperwhite utterly incompatible with their Audible system.  Let me tell you, this frustrated the hell out of me when I discovered it a couple of days ago.  I will see if it can be returned, but it's been a while.  I may gift it or sell it so I can go ahead and get the Kindle Fire.  A much better, and cheaper, product.  Amazon, what were you thinking?!
Still learning my way around but really like it. Love the size and love how easy it is to read. One thing though, I wish the prices for new books and bestsellers were lower. I mean, I can buy a used book for .99 cents and with shipping pay $4 total. And though kindle books are not priced as high as paper ones, still I wish they cost less. I love to read but I also like to save money.Update: My Kindle performed for the most part quote well. That is, until the last few days. My warranty expired and so did my Kindle. Won't download books though it did  so on my Amazon Fire tablet. WiFi is not working on Kindle, restarting Kindle several times also did not work. Tech support did not want to talk with me. They said they will call me in a  day or two. Needles to say, I am not happy. I have had problems with Kindle for the past several months. On three occasions it shut itself off and I did not know what to do about that. Tried the button to reset but did not know I was supposed to hold the button down for almost a minute. After that first time when they instructed me on how to do that, I did it on my own the following two times. They told me it was strange that my Kindle would do that, that it's supposed to last at least five years without those problems. It lasted little over a year. I loved that it was so small. It was perfect for my arthritic hands. If I have to buy it again, I will definitely get extended replacement warranty on it.
I bought this for my mother for Christmas but in my name so I would pay for all of her books and she would be able to get Prime services. Unfortunately there was no way to keep all of my books from being listed or removing the titles from the device. Even if I bought it for myself I would not want all the books to be listed, I could add them whenever I want to like on my Kindle Android App. I had to just make a collection of my books and start one with hers. As this is the first technology she is using other than a flip phone I wanted it to be easy for her. It's also stupid that it can't be set up the way the owner wants. I even paid extra for no ads and 3g because they don't have wifi yet where she lives. No I wasn't suckered into paying for a plug, I gave her mine from my old Kindle. It's a ripoff to take advantage of people who don't have a computer to charge from. Not very nice for such a price tag. So far she is happy with it. With the technology available it should not have automatically synced with my other devices and library. I also don't like that you can't shut it off all the way. DUMB! Just got off the phone with Amazon because the only web site that the 3g will go to is Amazon and Wikipedia. Any other site, like the local library free ebook site, will tell you that it needs a wireless connection. I paid extra for 3g because there is no wifi and it doesn't work. But it connects real fast to the Kindle store. Rip off!
I ordered a refurbished Kindle Paperwhite.  It arrived in one day and setup was easy.  The e-reader looked new, no scratches at all.  Totally worth saving $30.  The ad doesn't bother me.  It's part of the lock screen.  Don't mind saving another $20 for this minor 'inconvenience'.People complain about the Kindle not coming with a wall charger.  It's not a huge deal for me.  If you have an existing USB phone charger, you can use that to charge your Kindle.  You can also connect it with your PC/Laptop or any USB port  with the provided cable.I read books in English, Traditional Chinese and Japanese.  All the languages rendered well on the Kindle.  The back light is bright enough for me read in bed and on the flight.
This is my first Kindle e-reader, and I am really impressed.  I've had the 1st edition Nook since 2009, and I really loved my Nook, but recently the charging port became jiggly and sometimes it wouldn't charge.  I decided to get the Kindle Paperwhite bundle with cover and charger on Sunday during the early Prime Day sale, and I'm so glad that I did!  The screen resolution is simply amazing compared to my old Nook.  I used to have to prop the Nook on a pillow for the correct reading angle, but not the Kindle Paperwhite - I can read it easily while it is flat on my lap.  Getting my Nook books converted to Kindle format was a bit of a challenge, but it was worth the effort because it saved me a lot of money now that I don't have to buy the books all over again.  I chose the purple cover, which arrived yesterday, and it is high quality.  I love that my Kindle turns on and off just with opening and closing the cover.  I did decide to pay $20 to remove special offers simply because I want to open the cover and immediately be reading my book.I just cannot get over the quality of the Kindle Paperwhite compared to the Nook.  It has made me even more excited about my reading time!
Never thought I'd like  a Kindle - have been reading books on Android tablet for years.  But when I started more and more outdoor reading, I thought I'd give the paperwhite a try.  Amazing difference - readable even in direct sunlight and battery life is astounding.  Size is about the same as a large paperback and one-handed reading is a snap.  Compatible with Overdrive public library systems so you can read to your hearts desire without having to buy books every week.
I'm coming from a previous generation black paperwhite which I liked just fine. I recently had a chance to spend an hour with both white case and black case versions of this newest generation. As others have mentioned in their reviews, both here and elsewhere, they are different from each other. With the light set near maximum on both, I found the black one to be slightly easier to read on, with more contrast, and with a grayish background as opposed to the yellowish one of the white model, which was 'softer' but I found less appealing. It's also possible the plastic is different, with the white seeming a tad more slippery. (Both are more slippery than my previous rubber-feeling one.) The white one even looks bigger, and might be SLIGHTLY heavier, though I like that it is easier to find lying on a dark surface and won't be confused with other black kindles you may have in your household. They are may be other differences I did not have a chance to discover as well.Based on my one hour with the devices, and spooked by some reviews from owners of white ones who report eye strain, I went with the black one as the keeper. If you are coming from a previous generation that was black, and you are the least bit neurotic as I am, I recommend the black one. That said, plenty of people report positive experiences with the white one and find it easier to read on. So if you care about these issues and can try both versions, I recommend doing so. If not, I'm sure either one will be fine in the end. Just know that the differences are more than the color of the casing.Also, an issue having nothing to do with the color of the casing but definitely worth noting: I find the the page turns on this latest generation of paperwhites to be inferior to my older paperwhite. When I turn the page on the new ones, the words on the next page are momemtarily fuzzy and seem to take a split second to 'focus' and it's bit distracting. (This has nothing to do with page refresh or whether that is set to on or off.) My older paperwhite does this more seemlessly and is barely noticeable. Very disappointing that the paperwhite got worse in this area, not better.
After years of refusing to get a Kindle (and refusing to buy anything off of Amazon), I finally realized I needed the device since my interest in reading was increasing and my current devices werent cutting it. I realized my smartphone was too small to hold (to where it would hurt my hand after a few minutes cramped around the back of the phone and I have carpel tunnel), and my phone just had too much glare on sunny days where I couldnt read even outside to pass the time (and the phone wasnt low enough during nights where I was in bed). Also, as much as I love physical books and bookstores, I dont like buying paper books all the time for every genre of book. The waste it creates and the space it takes in my house are already cons; if its more of a studying book where I want to make notes and physically color or highlight, then I would obviously buy the physical book... But if its more of a book thats fictional or biographical, I dont have a problem downloading the e-book since theres not much note-taking needed when reading sci-fi, fantasy or adventure stories.Im used to the quick speed of a smartphone switching screens and refreshing pages, so the Kindle is a bit more slower paced with loading screens, etc but its not bad or difficult to get accustomed to (especially if you understand the capabilities of the device itself). I was at the airport about to fly and downloaded a 700 Page ebook with 3G in under 5 minutes. Saved my 2 hour flight! The device is small and compact enough to fit in my purse or carry-on, and light enough to hold in one hand without any hand cramping or wrist discomfort.
I received this for Christmas and so far I am not thrilled with it. There is no easily accessible Users Guide and I am constantly trying to look up information on my computer.. Even then It will tell me something like "Go to content and devices" without telling me how to get there. Some help guides talk about the "Cloud" but I don't see that anywhere on my Paperwhite.  If I don't figure things out soon I'll probably go back to regular books like I have always read. I even asked for help from my local library and was told that the Paperwhite is harder to use than using a Fire. I wish I had known that before.
I had my Kindle Fire for a couple of years, and realized that I never used a single function beyond the reader.  I had bought it when my original Kindle Reader quit working.  For Christmas, my wife bought me this Kindle Paperwhite E-reader.  I love it.  The only negative is the fact that the pictures of my books aren't as good as those of the Fire, and they aren't in color.  However, I love the fact that I get several days of reading, instead of just a few hours on a single charge.  The Paperwhite is lightweight, and I love the back lighting (which was also on my Fire, but not my original reader).  I purchased the Kindle cover to protect it, and recommend that.  I am thrilled that I chose to do this, and wish that I'd done this at the time of my second Kindle purchase.  The main bonus for me is its ability to keep a charge for such a long time.  If it becomes necessary to purchase another e-reader in the future, I will buy another Kindle, and it will be a simple e-reader as this one is.  My Paperwhite is fantastic.
Fantastic buy! I'm super glad I bought this item. I am typically a person who loves physical books but they can be hard to travel with and often times I forget them when packing for a trip. To combat the need to carry books I started reading off of my tablet, which is ok but the light really strains your eyes after a while. I decided to buy this off of the recommendation of a coworker and am sooooo happy I did! It's portable and best of all holds many books as well as having it's own backlight which really helps when I read at night. I definitely understand all the rave reviews about this product. The battery lasts a while and your eyes don't hurt from reading the screen and best of all it is portable and convent to have for any trip or day out!
This is the 2nd Kindle I have personally owned.  It's pretty easy to figure out.  Simply follow screen prompts once you begin to fully charge the battery so you can register the device.  No manual was included but if you google in "User's Guide for Kindle Paperwhite"  it will take you to a free PDF file on Amazon (which is faster than looking for it on the Amazon's site).There is no button on this model.  Simply tap the top of the screen to pull up the icons and once fully charged use the "airplane" mode and save battery life while reading.  This one is much thinner but about the same size so you can use a cover from a 4th generation Kindle and it will fit.  The back light is a real plus and all previous Kindle books are stored on Amazon's site so you can download them to the new device.  The battery life is much longer on this unit.  Also don't forget to remove the USB cable that comes with the Paperwhite.  You will need to buy the adaptor if you want to charge it in the wall.  The one downside is that you can't alphabetize your collection titles on this model.  Couldn't be happier with this new device and highly recommend it to all bibliophiles.
We have two PaperWhites with the lower resolution screen. Viewing just text there honestly isn't a LOT of difference until you look closely at the edges. I replaced my PaperWhite with a Voyage (an almost regretful purchase) back in October and while there is a huge difference the added sharpness of an extra 88 PPI and the two extra LEDs make a difference. Since I tend to read in dim light the sharpness mattered more than the number of lights. when my mother's refurbished PaperWhite started acting up (reboots, updates, nothing helped) jumping forward or backward two, five, a dozen pages at a single click and often when turned on would be on the wrong page we decided to upgrade her to the latest PaperWhite. She's used to using the touch screen for changing pages and the lighting in the PaperWhite was more than adequate. In fact if I was asked to choose, right now, which Kindle to buy as a replacement I'd stare lovingly at the Oasis, look closely at its price, and honestly buy the PaperWhite. Two extra LED and the page turn 'buttons' just aren't worth the extra cost of the Voyage. They lured me in last year but after having had them since October I realize I could easily make due with the PaperWhite and the price difference would buy quite a few books. Now that this has the same 300 PPI screen, the adaptive lighting I turned off the first day and never turned back on. The PaperWhite has all the features you truly need and often goes on sale for a great price. In fact we were discussing replacing my mother's somewhat malfunctioning refurbished model she said to buy one when it went on sale and I swear the very next day Amazon had the Kindles all on sale (except the Oasis, grr). He unit had done three years of hard labor, that lady can READ so I didn't feel bad about replacing it. She's quite happy with it since it looks and functions exactly like her old one though slightly sharper. It even fit her customized case. Quite happy with the purchase.
I was a little hesitant to buy the Kindle because I was afraid of the small screen. I have been a lover of physical books all my life, but finally was convinced to try one of these out because of a number of trips in the coming months. So far, I have not regretted a single thing. It is easy to use and update, adding PDFs to the device is as simple as dragging and dropping them into a folder, and the battery life really holds out.The quality is also top notch. Even with a small screen, books and documents are very clear and easy to read, even with as bad of eyesight as mine.
So far, so good! I had a B&N; refurbished Nook that has worked for years, and is showing no signs of giving up. However, most of my book purchases have been on Amazon, and I also use it to read library books. I grew tired of connecting my computer to my Nook to download books, and using Amazon's kindle app on my phone to read the books I purchased.  I thought about the Voyage and Oasis, but realized that in the end, I'll eventually want whatever improvement they make in 2-3 years. Since the Paperweight has proven to be a timeless classic, I decided to pick it up at the Black Friday price of $89. I also got 3 months of Kindle Unlimited for $1.99.  The screen is a bit small, but that is what makes it so compact. I just make the writing smaller when I want to turn the page less. I like the lighting, and don't mind adjusting to to my preference. Even if I use the light, I know its less of a glare than I would have reading on my phone. I love being able to quickly get new books from the library (if only I could figure out how to get the old ones removed!), and having quick access to my kindle books.
I had my very first Kindle way back when they first came out.  One day it just stopped charging.  I had read dozens of books on there, and had the wifi plus 3g version which was very convenient.I occasionally read now on the Kindle app on my computer, as I have about 97 books in my library, with probably 15-20 still unread.  I noticed on Amazon that there was a promotion...Kindles on sale for Prime members.  I thought, you know, it would be nice to read those books I've put off reading because it's just not the same on my computer or phone...I think I'll get another Kindle.  I researched reviews for a little while, and decided all I needed was the Paperwhite with Wi-fi.  The additional cost for 3G was just not worth it to me...sure, I'd used it before when traveling with my old Kindle to buy a few books, but with a little planning I could've purchased and downloaded the books beforehand.  Also, some of the reviews of the higher end Kindles did not impress me.Anyway, I received the Kindle earlier today.  It came almost fully charged, and was so easy to set up.  And within minutes had books from my Kindle library loaded!  I've been reading for 2 hours straight and so far I love it.  I am using it on maximum brightness, sure it may take more frequent charging, but I really love how bright it is and the contrast of the words on the page.  I also bought a cover for it and find it is easier to hold IMO.  Pages turned with a simple finger swipe.Hopefully this will last a very long time!  I've got so many books I want to read!
I initially charged my new Kindle for 12 hours. The battery life was the reason I purchased a new one yet it has been 5 days and the battery is at half on the battery bar. So how is this to last 'for months'??  I do not find any great advantage here and wish I did not purchase a new one as my 5 YO Kindle was fine.Updating my review; I read on my Kindle for approx. 10 - 15 hours a week, sometimes less. I am furious that the battery is advertised to last months not weeks. My old kindle never lasted weeks either. I read more with the old one and the battery lasted just as long as this new one. I travel a fair amount and the 'last for months' is what got me to purchase this. Other than that there is no advantage.
I have had a very long love affair with all my kindles. When my last one started having problems turning on and off, probably from being kept in the high humidity of the reading room, I decided to upgrade to the paperwhite. I'm a bit disappointed.Let's start with what I like about it. The front lit screen is very nice and doesn't seems to effect battery life, which remains fantastic.On the down side, I don't like the touch screen. It works well but I constantly turn pages unintentionally when handling it, Worse is the interface, It's horrible. I find it confusing and unintuitive.I should have bought the cheaper model with the push button page advance and the drop down, scroll to select menus,
love this e reader.No glare outside,long battery life,and you can  down load book right from it ..little story for you ..on a very windy day I was sitting next to our pool ..put my e reader on lounge chair and went inside for about 10 mins ..when I came back my e reader and cushion were gone from the chair ..PANIC mode !! I couldn't find my e reader that goes EVERYWHERE with me nowhere !!!! Finally I look over at the pool and there it is,in the water !!!!! I reach in and take it out and then take it out  of the cover and water is pouring out of the charger hole !! I thought I had lost it ....well I kept shaking water out of it and drying  it off ..then I put it in a bag with rice( with charger hole facing down ) ..I had heard this works for wet phones and I was willing to try ANYTHING  to save my e  reader !!! Was I very nicely surprised when the next day it turned out and was fine !!! One happy camper here!! I hope I don't have to say do not try this on purpose ,but just wanted you to know
This kindle is the best ereader ever! Its very light and portable and has enough space for all my books and more. I love being able to have all my books in one place. I can toss this in my purse and have something to read no matter what mood Im in. The screen is very nice and realistic. Sometimes I forget Im reading on a kindle and not a actual book. And thE charge lasts forever! Its very user friendly as well. You can change the brightness and text size setting at any time. I love that I can read this at any time and anywhere without having to worry about the lighting situation . Seriously the perfect ereader at a great price! Plus there are many really pretty covers to protect and decorate it :)
Probably my best purchase of 2016. I have always loved paper books and I still do, but there are some disadvantages about them. I was hesitated to buy kindle because i felt doing so I would betray paper books, but there were some books I really need to read but only available on Kindle - so I bought Kindle thinking it's an investment and I can use it sometimes besides reading paper books. Then I realized kindle is very practical and has a lot of advantages: very light so when you read in bed it's not as difficult as carry a thick, hard-cover paper book; its size and weight are also great for travel. You can read it at night without turning on the light (which is good particularly for me since my partner hates the lamp), you can get the books instantly instead of waiting for 2 days, it's better for the eyes because of the lighting and the size of the characters, it helps me to improve my vocabulary with its dictionary (something I can't do with paper books affectively). Since I have my kindle I have been reading more & faster, more productive. Highly recommend to book lovers!
The back light on this device makes all the difference. I use the baclight even in sunlight. It just makes the screen easier to see, and reading requires no strain. It also is great for reading in bed when it's dark.I judge e-readers heavily on whether or not they support downloading external books (books not from Amazon's kindle store). I am happy to say Amazon went above and beyond here. If this is a feature you'd use, I'd recommend downloading calibre to your computer. It's free, and allows you to convert books to many formats, and even send your books wirelessly to your kindle. This is thanks to Amazon giving each Kindle an email address that allows books to be downloaded without connecting it to a pc, or getting it from Amazon. Kudos for this feature.
I've had my kindle for about 1.5 weeks now, and so far I'm quite happy with it. The display is crisp and easy to read, the light for night reading is unobtrusive and easy on the eyes, it's lightweight and has a nice long battery life. I charged it the day I got it and only had to recharge it last night. I was using it quite a bit on a middling brightness settinh, and did not turn it off the entire time (although I do have a cover that puts it into sleep mode when i close the cover). So far, it has been exactly what I needed
As captivating as a physical book feels in your grip, the convenience of having a Kindle Paperwhite makes it worthwhile for any avid reader.  I'm able to tote around my entire library collection and be able to read any book at any time, thanks to the great backlit display, using an object no bigger than a small notebook.  The UI is simple but engaging, and the actual feel of the Paperwhite is light enough to hold with one hand.  The 300 PPI leads to ridiculously clear text that is indifferentiable next to a book.  The whole point in owning an E-reader isn't to prove itself superior against a physical book, but rather to provide the convenience that a lot of people need to read a book.  When it comes down to that, the Paperwhite doesn't lose much in comparison to reading physical, thanks to the 300 PPI and backlighting, but it gains so much: collecting all your books in a single device, having access to the Amazon ecosystem, and being able to read anywhere you want, at any time.  As a casual/dedicated reader, I regret only not buying this years ago.
I have been hesitant to convert over to the Kindle as I faithfully used my NOOK for nearly 2.5 years. When it finally started breaking down on me I started to look at the Kindle.  I really liked how much easier it was to borrow library books on the Kindle wirelessly versus the NOOK where I had to drag out my computer, hook up a USB cable and use Adobe Digital Editions to get books on my e-reader.  Now that I've been reading on the Kindle for a few weeks, I have to say I love the clear, crisp quality of the text against the Paperwhite backlight.  It's far easier on my eyes and I can read in the dim light a lot easier.  Overall, glad I finally converted to Kindle!
I love my new E-reader.  Prior to this, I used the Kindle app on my iPad.  It was great, but constantly needed recharging.  Also, I am older and require good light to read.  It's really nice that the screen is back lit so I can actually read in a room with no extra light at all.  Then there's the issue of weight.  This E-reader isn't nearly as heavy as my iPad, so no stress on my wrists when I get caught up in a book I just don't want to put down.  This was definitely a good buy for me. I've enjoyed reading all my life, but books have become more costly and the ones I like to read (a minimum of 300 pages) are usually kind of heavy and I'm back to the weight issue, and the light issue, and a money issue as well.  E-books are great.  There's a lot of really exciting new authors out there and most of the books I purchase are $1.99 to maybe $4.99.  That's cheaper than a paperback from a used book store.  I'm really excited about reading again.  I check out all the new book ads that come my way, and don't feel a bit guilty about spending less money for something that keeps me so well entertained.
I refrained from buying this because I have an iPad.  I noticed when reading my iPad before bed I had trouble sleeping.  I thought perhaps a paperwhite might not cause insomnia after word of mouth and reading lots of reviews.  I finally made the investment and I am so happy I did.  I'm reading a lot more and my eyes don't feel as tired... but best of all I'm not having as much trouble sleeping.
I bought a Paperwhite  for myself for Christmas in November 2015 when they offered a special price for it, an AC charger and a case. I have a Kindle Keyboard and use an Ipad with a Kindle app when traveling on business. When I tried to register it on Christmas day it wouldn't set up. After @ 45 minutes  on the phone with customer service they determined that it was defective and sent me another one.  The lighted screen is nice, but I don't care for having to swipe to turn the page.  I frequently will swipe with my left  thumb and find that I have gone back a page and started reading it again. I prefer an actual button like the Keyboard has or to swipe like the Ipad.  The touchscreen does not work well with the dictionary.  It is difficult to scroll in the definition to get more information.  I don't know what all the hype was about Bookerly font; it doesn't look that much different to me.The Kindle ap works better on the Ipad than the Paperwhite.  You can shrink the pages to a smaller size and quickly scan through them, something I'm not able to do with the Paperwhite.  The Paperwhite is OK for reading in bed or in bright sunlight, but otherwise I would consider a Kindle fire.The aforementioned problem I have with turning the page backward is quite annoying.
Wow. As much as I love the feeling of a good paper book in my hands, the convenience of the Kindle truly blows me away. I was hesitant on purchasing because I wasn't sure if the text would be difficult to read after a while, but even with the backlit feature - which I will talk more about later - it is not straining on my eyes.Long story short, YES I would (and do) recommend the kindle to readers everywhere.UsabilityMy kindle goes everywhere with me now. I'm a college student with classes throughout the day sometimes leaving me with gaps of anywhere from 15 minutes to 4 hours, and it has helped me fill in the time in a constructive way rather than just scrolling through the same old pictures on instagram, twitter, etc.There is a slight lag when picking the books and turning the pages, but it's not bothersome. Turning pages is as simple as swiping or tapping on the side, but sometimes I do wish I had a page button.Reading the text is similar to the graphics on the old Nokia phones, but with a lot more definition and clarity. It's not straining on the eyes (I have read up to 5 hours in a row).Book selectionThere are so many resources available to find ebooks (free and paid), and if you do find an ebook as a different file type (PDF, ePub, etc) you can find one of the many converter websites that can change it to the amazon file type. This allows for the text to be zoomed in on and adjust so all text is visible, rather than just zooming in like picture.Backlit featureIf you enjoy reading in a wide variety of environments and times of the day, the backlit feature is a necessity. If you turn it off, as long as you are in the light (indoor or outdoor) the text is visible. However one you get in a darker room (maybe at night on your bed), the text is unreadable and you need a backlight. This is similar to how the game boy advance was versus the game boy SP (no color)SizeSize is pretty small, sometimes do wish it was a little bigger but I like that the zoom function allows me to read with whatever size I want. It is also extremely convenient due to the size. Extremely lightweight, even with my (Fintie) case.Battery lifeI bought my kindle about a month ago and despite my frequent use, have charged it only once. The battery life is great, you don't have to turn it off at all. There is an ad showing all the time which kinda sucks but it doesn't take any juice to display the advertisement due to the type of e-ink used for the text.Last notesWhether you are an avid reader, someone who is just picking it up again, or a beginner, the kindle is easy to use and extremely convenient. You literally have whatever books you can find with you at all times. My only complaint is the unremovable ads that are on the kindle. 5/5
When I got a Kindle Fires everal years ago I decide to get rid of my Kindle but I always seemed to miss it.  The screen is so much better for reading than a Kindle Fire.  I wanted a Paperwhite because of the backlit light so I could read in bed at night without a light on.  So I finally broke down and go one with the sale a few months ago and got the package with the case and charger.  Love the case too by the way.I am loving my Kindle Paperwhite, especially the battery life.  Love the resolution on the screen and the light is the bomb.  I will always recommend a Kindle over a Kindle Fire for reading to anyone.  My only complaint for which I won't remove any stars as it's always been this way, is that you can't change the way your book are listed without changing or moving the book you are currently reading.  I prefer to search through my books alphabetically by author but then I would like to have the current book I'm reading at the front.  You can't have it both ways unfortunately.  It's either alphabetically or by most recent.  With the Fire you have the carosel where your current book will be.
I've just received my own Paperwhite but I've been using a relative's Paperwhite for about two months now and I have to say, it's an amazing device. Before using the Paperwhite I would read on my Windows tablet. Reading on it was a chore. The screen would be unusable in the sunlight and the application availability would distract me every couple of minutes. The battery would die fairly quickly and the size of the device meant that portability was not an option. Then there was the screen. Almost every day I am sitting in front of an LCD monitor. Whether it's due to work or gaming or browsing on my phone, there would always be a harsh monitor for me to look at. The constant discomfort I would have from screens would discourage my wish to read, until I got to use a Kindle.I borrowed my fathers Kindle Paperwhite to read The Martian (A great book by the way, I heavily recommend it). Normally a book on my Windows tablet is read in a couple of weeks, on the Kindle I finished that book in days (A bit slow for some people but it was a huge difference for me). Wow, that Kindle was a joy to read on. No distracting applications would be able to take my attention. No bright blinding light from my phone would stop me from reading at night. No bulky size would discourage me from taking my books everywhere. This Kindle was amazing. It blew my Nook and Nook Color out of the water. The touchscreen was responsive, more so than the broken and slow touch strip on my old Nook. The screen on the Kindle was a joy to read on, far superior to my tablet, phone, or Nook Color. The backlight meant I could easily read for half an hour when going to bed, the light build of the Kindle meant I could take it everywhere I went.Now I have my own Paperwhite. My opinion is unchanged and I am still, and will continue to, enjoy this device until it breaks or a truly interesting Kindle variant is released (Damned $300 Oasis). The only thing I can truly say I don't like is the lack of side buttons, but that is available on the Voyage so it will not mar my opinion of the Paperwhite.
The size is good for holding with your hands - it's not too heavy and I like it better than a book because i don't have to bend back the cover. The battery lasts a lot longer than you'd think - the eInk makes it easier to read and the light is not so bright that my husband can't sleep through it if i am reading late. I like the interface, my one complaint is that, where it calculates how much of the chapter remains, for some reason it stops tallying the percentage left and gives me 1% no matter how many pages i go. I am the sort of reader who really needs to know how much more of the chapter awaits me.
Amazon always does a good job with making kindles. I love reading on the paperwhite because it is much easier on my eyes. The text is clear and you can also use it like a normal kindle (without the light). If you are an avid reader, then this paperwhite is a must on your shopping list. And I love the white one, since it looks better than the black. Some people think that black is better for reading, but the color doesn't matter. Just choose the one that you like better (just know that white looks great). But I advise you to get a case for it... you don't need to pay $40-60 for an Amazon case. Look up "Kindle Paperwhite Cases" and many cheap, affordable ones pop up. I decided to get an origami case, considering that I am used to it on my Kindle Fire HDX. But I would have also have gotten the one with pretty designs for a really good price (just look for one in the $10-15 range with a lot of good reviews. I highly recommend this kindle though!
This is my third Kindle, and I have yet to even remotely consider switching to another brand of e-reader. I do occasionally get annoyed with the touch screen, but in my case I don't get along with any touch-screens due to hands that are always cold so I'm assuming that in this case it's more of a 'me' problem then a 'product' problem. It works great, the battery lasts for what feels like ages, and it's super simple to use. I've lent it a few times to friends to try it out, and most of them have then gone and bought their own because of how easy it is to use and how easy the e-ink is on your eyes compared to reading on a back-lit screen at night. I love it's portability, and it's been a faithful companion on many flights and car trips over the years. If you're a book-worm and you're hesitating about making the jump, I would still recommend it. Yes, a physical book will always been my preference because that's what I grew up with, but I will also freely acknowledge that having the Kindle gives me freedom of choice in what I read wherever I am without carrying a massive backpack around all the time.
We'd previously purchased 2 basic Kindles for our sons. Being an avid reader, especially at night, after reading many reviews I decided the Paperwhite would be ideal for my needs. I've had it for a month now and absolutely love it!Previously I was reading books on the Kindle App on my iPad & iPhone but having issues falling asleep and with eye strain. Since switching to the PW those issues have resolved and I am reading much more now. At first I wondered if the PW was almost TOO small, but nope, it's perfect to take everywhere and the screen is crisp, bright when you need it and I've read easily indoors in low to bright light with no issues, outdoors in sun and even bright white snow and that never would've been possible with my i-screens and the glaring-shiny surface! The screen light is consistent and I love that it can be very dim so it's not lighting up the bedroom, but was surprised at how extremely bright it can get if you need.One of the few annoyances is that it takes some time to get used to the on-screen page flip such that you're not inadvertently flipping the page when you intend to highlight a word. I do understand why some people opt for the more expensive kindles that separate this feature, but I'm all about compact and value so it took a short time to get used to it and I don't think about it any longer. The menu is fairly intuitive and once you're used to it, things like changing brightness, font or font-size takes a mere second. I look up words often and like to take notes for later research so that feature is great.Two must-haves for the kindle are a good cover (just ordering one for mine now as they do get scratched easily if you stick in a purse or bag) and a screen protector, as the screen does seem fairly vulnerable to me, though it's very responsive and my perception is likely due to years being used to the glass on iPhones & iPads. Many reviews protect the lack of wall charger (it comes w/a USB charging cord) but we have plenty of chargers due to our phones & tablet, so we didn't mind not adding yet another to "the drawer" and just plug the cord into our block in the kitchen used for phone charging.Many people complain about the ads - I don't mind at all. I've found a many great books and series that way. Plus they're only visible while the Kindle is in screensaver mode. I also HIGHLY recommend a Kindle Unlimited subscription. I opted to try the free month when 2 books I wanted were on the service. I've since used it on both my Kindle and the Kindle App and I'm hooked. If you only read 1-2 books per month and/or only read brand new releases, KU may not be for you. But if you're open to indie authors, read a lot and/or read across many genres, you need to try it. I'd say if you look at the offerings and find 1-2 books you'd like to read are available at least try it for free then see how many more books you find via the recommended feature and you may find yourself as hooked on it as I am!
Wow! Is this thing small. It is much smaller than I was expecting. I know I had an older model with the keyboard but at least the screen on that on seemed as big as this entire unit.I'm glad I went with white as a friend suggested, it does seem like I'm looking more at a books border edge. Plus I can only imagine how much smaller the screen would seem if it was in black.  The size feels a little awkward as it's just off in the size from a regular book.I do love the back lit screen. Huge improvement for when I'm reading in bed.For some reason I liked the keyboard and actual buttons but some of the touchscreen features are also nice.I haven't figured out how to access the library page to get my usual rentals but I'm catching up on where I left off on a few previous  books before my other kindle was stolen. So there's still time for that.
I was surprised at how much I like this little e-reader.  I've always used my iPad to read books and articles.  However I got bored of reading useless opinion pieces and wanted to read more books.  I bought my wife a Paperwhite over 2 years ago and she has yet to put it down.  It's great at night with a soft back light that doesn't light up the whole room!  It's nice and light in your hands, and best of all, the pages look printed.  It also has a great screen for displaying B&W; pictures.  I was pleasantly surprosed to find Calvin & Hobbes on the kindle, and was even more amazed at how good it renders on the Paperwhite!  If you don't have an e-reader, or think your tablet is fine, you need to try out the Paperwhite, it's a great experience.
Love it.  I had an ipad that died, and was originally thinking of using the kindle app fro ipad.But I really do not like ipads, and for over $300 just to read books, I decided to start looking for other options.I have had e-readers before, back in the early 2000's, and I never used them much.  So I did not want to spend a lot.I could justify the $75 price of the cheapest kindle, but the fact it was not illuminated was a deal breaker.I was not ready to pay the full price of the Paperwhite, and resigned to doing more research, when I saw the refurbished for only more than the lowest end kindle.It came the next day, earlier than expected, and it was in great condition.  Even had a cord, which I thought they did not give.I have been using it more than I ever did an e-reader in the past, and the ads are not too annoying, and I actuality found a series I LOVED  from them.It is monochrome, and needs internet access.  But it look like real paper and is back-lit so you can read in bed.  So I love it.  And the price was great too.
I love my new Kindle Paperwhite 3G E-reader, 6". This is my 3rd Kindle. I had my first one for a few years and the toggle switch eventually broke. I contacted Amazon to find out where I could have it repaired and, to my surprise, they ended up replacing it for me for free. I had the replacement, which I loved, for the past few years and then I ended up breaking it. It wasn't a fault of the Kindle itself - it was operator error. I had been using the leather cover from the original Kindle because I didn't want to buy another one. It was too big for my replacement so I put velcro on the back of the reader and the inside of the cover. Every now and then it would come dislodged from the velcro and I'd just lay it face down on the table and gently push against the back cover to reseat it, which worked fine. This one time, after waking in the middle of the night and deciding to read, the velcro came dislodged and I pushed against the screen instead of the back and CRACK. I broke it. I bought this new Kindle so I now have a light for the first time and I absolutely love it!! It works great and has the addition of a light so I can read at night without turning the lights on.  Awesome!!!  I already have a tablet so I only had need of a reader and this truly is a wonderful one. This time I bought a new cover to fit and it's great too.
I love the back lit screen for night reading without the hassle of a light accessory. The e-ink screen is so much better on my eyes. Overall I love my kindle.My slight dislikes/wishes for the paperwhite would be:First and foremost speed. In the day and age where we only want things faster I feel like it's a tad slow. Pages take an extra but longer than my phone to load. Not horrible mind you but the lack of speed along with the flash of inverted colors each time you flip is enough to annoy me ever so slightly. Second would be how flimsy the screen is and how old school the touch screen's technology is. I always hated pressure sensitive touch screens and I'm slightly terrified the slightest over eager press might be my paperwhites last day. If you're too soft, nothing happens but too hard might equal disaster. Maybe it's more tough than I realize but I'm not too willing to test my theory. First thing on my list was a protective case to eliminate my worry is kill it in a week or less. My final desire would be to have the buttons to turn pages. Before anyone says it, yes I know there's a kindle that has the e-ink with back light, touch screen, and page turning buttons but I didn't get that one. So that's more of my lack of knowing how much I'd wish I'd gotten that feature more than a suggestive complaint. In the end, I truly love my kindle and prefer to read on it over my phone app any day but a few tweaks here and there might make the world off difference.
Love this new Kindle Paperwhite E-reader.  It's very functional and small.  Glad to have a touch screen instead of the keyboard, as it makes the device much smaller than the first one purchased years ago.  The only thing about turning the pages with the touch screen is sometimes it turns further than you want because of pressing it a certain way.  Then you have to go back and find the place in the book you were.  In time I will adjust to the touch screen; I'm sure the jumping ahead is user error, not the device.  Love the device thus far especially the light feature.
I really wanted to like my new Kindle Paperwhite, but it has been a real challenge. The instructions at Amazon and online are meager. I couldn't figure how to get to the Index or the appendices. I finally was able to talk to an Amazon rep and she was very helpful. The solution is to go to "go to" by tapping the top of the screen. I knew that, but I thought "X-Ray" following go to was the default entry and kept tapping that thinking I could type in where I wanted to go. Didn't work. Found that I had to tap on "go to", then it showed me the index of the book. I also had problems with the book skipping forward several pages and was told to swipe right to left instead of tapping. That seems to be working. Another irritation is that some books have "location numbers" instead of real page numbers. When going to the next page it jumps forward several digits, making it useless to the reader. You can tap on it and it gives several options, but not page numbers. I will learn to live with it, but it turned out to not be the happy experience I was hoping for.
I wasn't sure how I would like the Paperwhite Kindle. I purchased it to take on a cruise where I would have plenty of reading time but I wanted something that would be easy to see in the sunlight.Well, I took it to the beach and as you can see in the picture, even in direct sunlight it was as easy to read as it was while sitting indoors! I was amazed. In fact, my wife took her Google Nexus and could not read at all in the sunlight because of the glare. The picture I took was not photoshopped or retouched in any way. That is exactly what it looked like in the sunlight.It doesn't let you play games on it or browse the internet easily, but if you want something that is easy on the eyes and is easy to hold, you'll like the Paperwhite.One more thing... because of its size, I could easily carry it in my back pocket, too!
If I'd known then... I had the older 3G model with the keyboard. Not great, but definitely what I wanted in an e-reader--light, able to store lots of books for travel. I really loved the active content, where I played 2 games- Every Word and Every Word Crossing. These helped me go to sleep after a long day. Not complex, just something I'd become accustomed to over the 4 yrs I had them.  The old girl finally gave up the ghost this Fall, and I asked Santa for the Paperwhite so I could access my content and continue on with  a backlit display and a lighter unit. Guess what? It doesn"t support the two and only two games I played on it. I know it sounds petty, but I'm sure Amazon logs somewhere exactly how many hours I spent playing these little gems. I miss my games! If there is some way to access them I haven"t found it. So if you only read, this is your new little friend. BUT if you do anything else, please check first.
I dropped my old Kindle 3rd generation (wifi/3G) while floating in the pool the other night.  Sigh.  It didn't swim.  I read too much to wait while trying to dry it out.  So, I figured it was time for an upgrade.  I got the new Paperwhite - and as much as I didn't want to spend the money - the changes made to the Kindle Paperwhite really make a difference.  I love the touch screen.  I love the lit screen (no more searching for lights in the house to read by - or dealing with my add-on light).  I can see it perfectly outside (yes, still using it while in the pool).  The resolution is fantastic.  I was too cheap to buy the 3G this time - and was concerned I would have a problem without it.  But, so far, I don't really miss it.  The Paperwhite is a really nice upgrade and Amazon continues to do a great job at keeping this e-reader somewhat affordable, updated with new features, and capable of operating outside in the sunshine.  Now if the waterproof cases weren't so clunky or expensive...Or Amazon, can you just make it waterproof?
TL-DR: If all you read are novels and similar literature, you'll be okay. Otherwise, this device is useless.I mainly read technical computer books and I was looking for something that was easier on the eyes than a tablet. I've long had my eyes on one of these (I used to own one of the older models with buttons) and was excited to see the price drop on Prime day. Add to cart, thank you.Wish I saved my money. There are some neat things about the Kindle which I liked since their inception: can read it in sunlight (this is a life-saver for anyone whose ever ridden as a passenger in any type of transportation when your stuck next to a window), the battery life (it's nice being able to pick up a device a month later and not worry about having to plug in to charge for a couple hours to resurrect it from death), and the screen which is a lot easier on the eyes than the conventional tablets. That's about as far as it gets.I was amped to receive a Kindle with a built-in light; the light just helps irritate the eyes like a tablet. So that kinda makes it useless to me (of course, everyone's eyes are different).Not that big of a deal considering you can still use it without ever using the light, however books designed around the size of a textbook and larger are completely useless on this device. Certainly, I can see it fitting pages on the screen with smaller books and I was okay with the text of bigger books being condensed to more pages.The problem stems from the Kindle not supporting pictures, tables, sidebars, and the such, well at all. It's very slow and handles clunky. The touch screen should have never existed for this device. Taps seem to always register but swipes are a pain, not to mention within the first hour my swiping wiped off whatever material the screen is coated in and now have three spots on the screen that look like flecks from the sun. I'm afraid to use it any more in this regard.I'm not sure how technical books would fare on the magazine-sized Kindle's, however I do know on the Fire's they are okay because they render the whole page and just shrink it. I would of been more than happy to have the same effect with this type of screen but that is not the case. I'm sure I could return the device and sacrifice whatever fee they charge for returning something that isn't their fault but I'm going to try and find some good literature books and load them up on the device and maybe sometime in the distant future when I'm stuck on an island I'll find a use for this. More than likely I'll be letting my friend's wife use it (read: pretty much keep) for the time being.Just as a side note, and not in regards to the device but to Amazon's service: they advertised this (and other items recently) with a promised delivery date with Prime and lately have failed to even ship it by the date the item was supposed to arrive. After 15 years with Amazon I have never seen the service this bad (as I said, it's been happening with many other orders of mine). I ordered the Extra's package with this which had a scheduled date to arrive 4 days later and what do you know, shows up two days later after ordering and the Kindle was still in a 'preparing' state. I emailed Amazon, get the usual boilerplate answer, and magically the item all of a sudden goes to shipped. This experience does not affect the rating but I'd like it to be noted somewhere as you cannot rate customer service with 1 stars the same way you can leave feedback for other sellers.
I am 60 years old and stubborn. For years I've been saying (and thinking) that I prefer to read in paper because of the texture, the smell, tradition, etc.  Two good friends gave me as a present this Kindle saying:  "Try it if you don't like it send it back to us." I tried it.... and I love it! I can adjust font style and size, light and contrast. I can underline, make notes, and check different dictionaries. I works great, greater than paper for outdoors reading, especially on sunny days, and for night or dark rooms reading. I can carry many books with a light gadget, which makes it ideal for long weekends out of home or vacations. And finally, buying and receiving books (worldwide titles) becomes a matter of minutes.  I am now also using it to work Word documents from my job.I had a stock of paper books to read in my pipeline, but I bought them again in my kindle. As I said, I love it!!
Our family owns four kindles - one of the older Paperwhites, an original 3G with a keyboard model (several years old now), and one of the no-frills touch screen kindles. My kids and I love them for reading. No glare, no eye strain, and you can store heavy books in one little computer. I love being able to borrow one book for free per month, and I enjoy the free Kindle first titles every month.I bought this one during the July Prime Day sale. I do like this screen a bit better than my previous Paperwhite (now in the possession of my very thrilled ten-year-old). I don't see a difference in the text, but I feel like the lighting is more even. Otherwise I slightly prefer the new finish, but certainly not enough to upgrade.
I've been using Kindle for 5 years. This Kindle Paperwhite is my 3rd Kindle and my 1st Paperwhite and - well, I'm kind of disappointed. I bought it back in February and figured there would be a bit of a learning curve, but I still find it difficult to navigate. Part of this is due to the extreme lag time, especially if WiFi is turned on. Also, when I try to remove a book from my device, it either doesn't go away or reappears. I find it difficult to maintain my collections, find my books, even to get from point A to point B. I have it with Special Offers, which I haven't had before, so it occured to me that possibly the lag time is caused by the ads (sorry, special offers). That would be pretty disappointing, though, if it's true - I'd feel like I was being manipulated into paying to have special offers removed. I can't believe that Amazon - my trusty, faithful Amazon! - would do that, but business is about making money, I suppose.Also, when new content is downloading, the Paperwhite freezes up. The other day I had to turn it off and on again several times, as the screen became completely unresponsive.I'm not a big fan of the lack of a "home" button, especially in the cases where it freezes up or lag time becomes extreme.And one final thing, I was using it in a case, but the feature of automatically turning on when the case is opened - which is supposed to be a positivie feature - meant that if the case was jostled slightly, the Kindle would turn on, stay on, and the battery would drain.In a word, my experience with Kindle Paperwhite is: CONFUSED.Or maybe, DISAPPOINTED.There are things that I like about it, hence the 2 stars. I love the option for backlight or no backlight, the E-Ink display is great, and the size/weight is comfortable, even for my freakishly small hands. And of course the magical convencience of a Kindle is irreplaceable! I just wish the Paperwhite - so much more expensive than the regular Kindle - operated as well as advertised.
I always wanted a Kindle so when they were on sale for $30 off for Prime members recently, I bought the newest Paperwhite.  I already have a smart phone & a tablet with Kindle apps on each but the batteries on these devices drain fast when you are reading ebooks for a long period of time.  The Kindle last so much longer.  I am also used to having a lit screen & reading in bed, so I needed the Paperwhite.  It is really easy to adjust the back light.  I am also happy that I can keep so many books on it.  I have been having to delete books off my phone, only keeping my most favorites (I like to reread favs!) to free up memory.It did take me a while to get used to reading on the Kindle because I can't buy a book straight from it like I can on my other devices but now that I'm used to the Kindle, it's ok.  It also took me some time to become accustomed to the black & white book covers instead of the color I've become used to with my phone or tablets Kindle apps.All & all, I'm very happy with my new Kindle.  I got a cool case that enables me to stand it up to read it while eating my lunch or if I just don't feel like holding it.  The Kindle is very light to hold but I was afraid I would accidentally drop it or scratch it up & ruin it, so the case while making it thicker & heavier, will keep my new Paperwhite looking great & protected.  I also added a matte screen protector.A great purchase especially with the $$ off.  I love it!
I've had it for a year and have increasing difficulty getting it to charge.  Now, today, it won't charge at all.  junk
I purchased a Kindle Paperwhite along with a Fire HD8, they are so very different, but each very good in their special way.  I write this as the question I had is why  before I bought both was : Why buy a Paperwhite if I am going to get a Fire HD tablet, and the answer is - they are for very different purposes.  The tablet is good for applications off the internet, such as games for my 8 year old daughter can play on, logging onto the internet or other applications via wifi such as reading newspapers (easier to deal with than paper hardcopies).  The Paperwhite on the other hand reads much better than the Fire HD or any other tablet, not faulting the Fire HD, but the technology of the Paperwhite is truly superior, and it is something not mentioned or explained clearly.  The advantage of carrying one paperwhite rather than a dozen paperbacks or worse yet hardcover books is obvious, but the small size of the Paperwhite isn't obvious until you hold one.  It really is small and light.  And when you do finally use it to read it is a relevation, instead of a full page you read from a paragraph or two, it isn't like reading  a line or two, and the words are large and easy to read, not like an ipod display.  but what is really amazing is how easy it is to read.  Backlighting makes for reading that is easier than reading from a physical book.  The decrease in eye fatigue from either lights being too bright or hard to read because of low light conditions like reading in bed are gone.  If you are an avid reader, or someone who has put off reading for whatever reason but want to, this is the time to start now by getting one of these devices.
This is as good as the other Paper Whites except the lighting feature is uneven and casts a shadow along the bottom of the screen, which is unfortunately very distracting. In every other way this is a superior Paperwhite, and e-reader. The contrast is perfect, the weight is perfect, the Kindle system on Amazon is ideal, and the features are everything I have come to expect from a Kindle. The lighting is not great though. I do love the white option for the Kindle. This would be a five stars without the light issue.
I've owned a few kindles (Kindle Keyboard, Kindle Fire, Kindle 8th generation) and, of the versions currently available, the Paperwhite fits my needs perfectly.- The size and weight are perfect for me. I have the optional case (over-priced) and it adds only negligible weight. Even though I carry a tablet with me when I travel, it's worth it to me to also carry a Kindle (read: significantly reduced eye-strain!) and this size slips into my bag almost without notice.- I really like how the back-lit feature is implemented. The reason I gave away my 8th Generation was the lack of back-light (I knew it didn't have it when I ordered it and didn't expect it to be a problem). The Paperwhite's back-lit feature is especially handy in environments where the lighting changes frequently or unexpectedly, for example, in an airplane, which is where I tend to do a lot of reading. I set the back-light to about 5 and leave it like that - it's perfect when it's bright as well as when the lights go off.  It's also just bright enough to read comfortably in bed at night without eyestrain, while not being so bright as to disturb your sleeping companion (my previous Kindle had a case with a light and, while it helped me read, it disturbed my spouse.- Curiously, the power button doesn't get in the way as it does on the Kindle 8th Gen, even though it's in the same location. On the 8th Gen, I kept inadvertently turning it off - a real hassle when reading at the gym!- Downloading all of my content into my pre-arranged collections was much easier than on the 8th Gen- Glad I spent more to get the 3G this time. I'd had it on my Kindle Keyboard and thought I could live without it on my 8th Gen. There are simply certain circumstances where it's invaluable to have.- Battery life seems significantly better than the 8th Gen, even with the back-light on a low setting
For five years I very much enjoyed one of the "simple" kindles given to me by my loving children.  One day recently, it fell out of my bag(I didn't realize it) and lay out in the boiling hot sun all day....and never worked again.  Never thought I would miss having a kindle so much!  I had to get another one.  After some contemplation and comparisons, I decided on this Paperwhite.  WOW...this one is even BETTER!!!!! I can read this one without having to leave a light on that bothers my trying-to-sleep husband. ( don't worry, it's not every night)  The light is built into the back ground of the screen and its adjustable. You can read ANY where with just your kindle!!!  How cool. This is an amazing item to have if you are one that enjoys reading.  I think I read even MORE now, maybe that's not so good.  I do need sleep.  It took a little getting used to the different way to turn the page, and you have to remember to keep your fingers off the screen because I enlarge the print a bit too much when I don't want to.  I am so glad that kindle has a lending library so I don't spend too much money.
Really excited to get this for a xmas present. I like the smaller size compared to the Fire. I still feel like it really should be in color, I mean come on. Also the only other down side is the power button on the bottom which is throwing me off. But I can read way way longer than I can with the fire. Normally I read a few hours every night, so with the fire I would be charging it every night, but with the paperwhite its every few days now. So that's a win. Also had to leave the wifi on, so that all my book covers would download right. Problem fixed. I haven't had any glitches or anything, store seems about the same as the fire, I just miss the color aspect to the covers. The only other thing that messes with me  is the backlight, which I have turned off. I guess in the dark I could use it, but its really really bright and can be overpowering. Also what gives that blue shade isn't on this. Sucks.
This is my second paperwhite (I also had earlier e-readers and a 7" Fire tablet). I prefer the e-readers over the tablets because of two reasons--they are lighter (I have achy hands) and there is no glare, so you can read them outside with no problems (great for the beach!), and they are easier on your eyes.In general, I love Kindles for their convenience (I don't have space or a desire to store hundreds of physical books). So easy to take multiple books with you on vacation; your whole library is at the tips of your fingers. I also love that I can load personal documents on them. I do this with my manuscripts, and then when I'm editing, I can make notes and use the highlight function.The only thing that would make the Kindle e-readers better is if they had colors like the tablets (display colors, I mean; not talking about external colors).I recommend these devices to everyone!
Recently was given this as a Mother's Day present. I currently still have a 1st generation Nook that this is an upgrade from. First, when it arrived, it was already loaded with my personal information from my Amazon account. This made setup and connecting seamless. Second, I do a significant amount of reading out doors during lunch break and can easily read while outside in the the sun. In the evening, the adjustable back lighting makes reading in bed easy. It is not harsh on the eyes and provides enough light to read without waking up the person next to you. The download speed of books is very fast, definitely no issues there. It does not have 3G or 4G connectivity, but I have access to wifi just about anywhere I need it. If I'm going to be somewhere where I think it may be sketchy, I'll download three or four books prior to going there. I really like this device and feel like a traitor to my faithful Nook.
My husband and I decided to make the switch  from Nook to Kindle after seeing the Nook support go downhill.  So far we have been very happy.  I love how light and conpact this is, and the wide array of light settings make it easy to see anywhere.  The family library settings, send to Kindle option, and library borrowing process all make it easy to transfer and load files wirelessly. This is a big perk over Nook which still requires  side loading for library books and PDFs, and no longer supports sideloading for books purchased from another account. My only complaint is that there is no percentage shown on the battery indicator. This makes it somewhat of a guessing game when the battery starts getting low.  Overall though it is an excellent purchase and has  increased my reading dramatically. I didnt read as much last year as my daughter was born, but the year before I read upwards of 60 books, a huge increase over my pre-ereader days.
I got this as a tech document folio, and i have purchased a few technical manuals, but mostly I use a program on my Mac to convert PDF based technical documents into Kindle eBooks.  The kinds has built-in support for PDF file, but the eBook format has more features.  I now cary this has my reference manual for all things technical that I work on.  I have made it a habit to keep manuals on all my development languages, operating systems, hardware, everything...  I got the GSM model, and my battery lasts weeks under light use.  a couple days under constant use, but I keep my backlight where it is just barely visible in the dark.  With eInk, there really is not need for backlight, except in poor lighting.  This way, I get the perfect readability, and battery life trade off.  I just wish the kindle had a backlight on/off feature that did not require multiple steps.  Most of the time, I don't need the backlight at all.  If Amazon would make the backlight a one click (or two click) operation, and enable disabling of the screen saver, then it would lasts months on a single charge since these types of screens don't use power except to draw the image on the screen.  Once drawn, the image stays put w/o any electrical demands.
I am so excited to finally own a Kindle.  I have been reading books on the kindle app for android and ipad, but have never took the leap for an ereader until now.  The paperwhite is awesome, small, light and so easy to take with you, just slips in my purse.  I was a little dissapointed with the screen on the one i rec'd however.  The lower 1/3 of the screen has spots that look like specks of white.  I thought at first it was lent and went to wipe them off, but whatever they are, it seems to be in the eink itself.  I cannot feel any scratches or anything, I can only see the white specs which are made way more noticeable when navigating thru the books, etc where the screen is darker at the bottom, it really makes the white spots stand out.  There do not seem to be any issues with the kindle so maybe whatever is causing this isnt an issue, its just a bit of an eye sore.  Other than this (would probably not even be very noticable to most ppl, but once you see them, they really stand out) I am so glad I went ahead and purchased a kindle.  I cannot see my phone or ipad screen in the bright sun, but the kindle makes reading in all environments so pleasant.
While I don't usually buy refurbs, I decided to trust Amazon on this one as it was refurbished by Amazon (or its suppliers).  Turns out to have been a good decision.  The Kindle looks new:  no scratches, dings or any signs of use.  It comes in a plastic envelope with a very brief manual.A charger is not included, but any 5v 1A charger with a micro USB connector will work;  this is a standard Android phone charger or any other with the same output and connector. You'll get a faster charge with a charger than you will using a USB port on your computer as they are rated for only 500mA.The software is updated from my old Kindle but the differences are minor.Saved over $30 from the new price.Recommended.
Substandard product that I would not buy again. The Kindle Paperwhite seemed like a dream come true. I bought this because I love reading books and am outdoors a ton when reading so it works perfect in sunlight!The reason I don't like it is it's full of glitches. I've had to call Amazon numerous times to get them to reset it to work properly. It freezes and skips pages, makes reading a novel very frustrating.
Maybe it is just me,but I had a helluva time signing in and getting it to start working.  I finally had to call our "computer guy" (who helps us sooomuch!) and he finally got everything entered (wireless password and getting books from kindle two to go to three)  I called Amazon and got shifted to three people and none could walk me through the steps to get it registered.  I  finally gave up and that is when I called our"guy".  This should NOT be so difficult and  especially  when it is the THIRD Kindle I've had.  The other two just quit.  There was nothing.  Frozen and couldn't get it to work--even your service people said, well, time to buy a new one.  I am only hoping you are not going to bill me for all the time wasted in the phone talking to people who couldn't help me.
I really like this device, esp. the small compact size. It's very easy to handle.I was, however, disappointed with the battery life. Now, after reading the "fine print," I'm realizing that the basic product description is really meant to fool people into thinking that the battery easily lasts for weeks. It doesn't. That claim is based on reading a half hour a day, having Wi-Fi turned off, and other things. I haven't been able to read two full books without recharging.Now that I know, I'm going to see how it goes with the Wi-Fi turned off. But I do feel like I was fooled a bit.And for anyone thinking they need to buy the charger they recommend, you probably DO NOT!! If you have any kind of charger plug with a USB port in it, you can use that just fine. You do NOT need Amazon's Kindle charger plug AT ALL. Esp. for $20! No way.All that said, it's a nice device.
I used to be anti e-reader until one night when I just couldnt wait to read the second book in the Dark Tower series. I downloaded The Drawing of the Three on my husbands iPad and I loved how much more comfortable I was being able to curl up on my side in bed and read without having to sit staunchly upright with a book light. I wanted something easy on the eyes opposed to a tablet that is generally much brighter, so I bought the paperwhite. I both like and dislike the size for different reasons. The disadvantage of it being so small is that you have to turn the page a lot more often, but the advantage is that its so lightweight and extremely comfortable. Since the front, plastic edges of the paperwhite dont serve a purpose (such as holding buttons) I would love to have just an inch more of screen. Even my iPhone X screen is bigger lengthwise! Regardless though, I really do enjoy this e reader and its very portable and comfortable.
This is a great little reader. I was afraid that it would be too small. I have only had the original Kindle Fire to use and so I am used to the 7" screen and color, but in all honesty, love this little reader. It isn't too small, easy on the eyes and just overall a great little device. I haven't tried reading outside yet b/c it just has been too hot to enjoy the outdoors, but once starts cooling off will definitely be outside a lot reading. I could never read outside with my Kindle Fire b/c of the glare (even with the glare reduced screen protector). This little device stashes nicely in my smallest purse so I can take it with me without any bulk. I love it and would highly recommend. The only thing that I have a down about is the bottom of the screen there is a shadowing, but you get used to it and doesn't affect the words. I noticed another review or two had the same issue but this is something I can overlook. So happy with my purchase and I can get back into my reading coma, lol. Have already 7 books with it in the past couple of weeks since bought it and can't seem to stop, lol.
I have scoffed at e-readers for years. How could they be better than a book? After all when I am done I cannot lend it to anyone? Once tablets emerged and I saw they  could run e-reader apps, I thought even less of e-readers. Then I tried one. I realized that it could be read in the dark. It could be read in the light. it can hold 1000 books. Unlike tablets, it does not hurt my eyes. Unlike tablets, the charge lasts for weeks instead of hours. Furthermore, using Amazon to but books, this works seamlessly.After one week of use I have come to realize that I will probably not buy paperback books anymore. There will always be texts which must be held to be appreciated. Bird books come to mind with their color plates. However, if a text is black and white, the Kindle will present in a better light than any other medium.
I've fought Kindle for a long time, opting for paper books. I'm an avid reader, somewhere in the neighborhood of 3 to 4 books per week.So I thought I'd try it, after all,  could it be that much of a disappointment?On the contrary,  it's turned out to be a wonderful choice. There's a new ease to reading. If you find yourself with a need to turn back some pages to check something,  you can. Turning pages is an exact experience,  never have to double check if you grabbed two and not one.Book marking is no longer an issue. I'm a marker and not a corner crimper, but all of that is gone. As much as I believe in reading, I can easily state that I don't miss this aspect.I bought the whole kit: Kindle, cover, and travel bag. A great investment and a smart choice, as I live a fully active life and incorporate my reading regardless of my travels.
I had an old 3rd gen Kindle Keyboard model, but stopped using it in favor of the Kindle app on my iPad, primarily because I like to read in bed at night with dim lighting. Having a back-lit display was harder on the eyes, but more convenient.I resisted getting a Paperwhite because of the lack of page turn buttons, but finally decided to go for it when I talked to a person using one on an airplane who liked theirs.The Paperwhite basically works identically to the Kindle app, which I was already used to. I dont miss the physical page turn buttons because it is easy to tap with the right hand or make a short swipe with the left hand to turn pages. The touch screen is also much more convenient for navigating and shopping.The eInk display is superior to the old 3rd gen one, and might be easier on the eyes than a back lit screen. However, one thing is that the built-in LEDs are a little harsh, and Im not sure this is better than an iPad when the brightness is up. However, it is possible to adjust the LED brightness to a comfortable level, including off.Battery life is outstanding. Be advised that you will only get the advertised maximum battery life with the LEDs off. In typical use, I had to recharge about every two to three weeks.One other great selling point for me is that it only can be used for books. So, it is perfect for my 10 year old son who likes to read but is a video game addict. If I give him an iPad, no reading will get done, but he loves the Paperwhite and uses it often. Beware, though, that if you do this, the online store is dangerous, and my son can rack up some hefty bills. I wish there was a way to setup a child account for him, as I did with iTunes, Nintendo, and Xbox.Overall, this device is excellent, and worth the price.
I am upgrading to this from a 2013 Paperwhite Wi-Fi, now given over to my wife to replace her Nook Glowlight. I got this new Paperwhite mostly to see her get my other Paperwhite as she seriously coveted the capabilities of the Kindle like translations and Wiki lookups, but also I wanted the higher resolution as my older eyes would appreciate it.  I had gone to a local retailer to see one, but without the older model to see if the higher density fonts made a real difference, I kept passing on it.  Well as I turns out, once I got the two side by side the difference is significant, at least to me and I'm glad I got this.  The 3G capability is already pleasing me as even away from home, Wiki and translation lookups keep coming which is really handy.  Yeah, it's a higher price to pay for that, but with no contracts or hassles for the life of the unit, it seems well worth it to me.  I also got the premium leather cover and no "special offers" making the entire experience as immersive as it can be and reading is a joy and a pleasure with no hassles.As for the 300ppi resolution, the text is crisp and sharp and even late night reading when my eyes are the tiredest is effortless now.  If you are on the fence about this and think the sharper text may make a difference, then I would suggest you are likely correct about that as I was.  I truly love my e-reader even more than the one I just gave to my wife, which is to say it would be the one electronic gadget I'd keep above any other -- even my smart phone.  Reading for me is my respite from a day of working in the IT industry with crushing deadlines and vague notions I am expected to translate into solid, if poorly described results.  I can lose myself in the books I read at my own pace and pleasure, and this Kindle reader is state of the art in my opinion.  I know the Kindle Voyage is deemed the flagship Kindle e-reader, but I'd say that this one is a better value and for the price of the Voyage with only wi-fi AND "special offers", you can get the fully decked out Paperwhite with the same high resolution text, no advertising AND 3G capabilities.  Touching the page to turn it as opposed to squeezing the side and adjusting the lighting myself (which many say the auto dimming is flawed in the Voyage) is simply not worth the upcharge in my opinion.
I've had a lot of e-ink readers over the years, both from Amazon and B&N.; The technology has both improved and stayed the same, meaning the e-ink aspect hasn't changed a lot (still a 6" e-ink screen), but the technology surrounding the e-ink screen has changed. For example, the addition of tap detection - which technically works quite differently than iPhone/Android capacitive touch displays, though yields similar results - is a welcome change. As is the LED backlighting. It's nice for reading at night or in dimly lit rooms. Oh, and I suppose the screen on the paperwhite hasn't gotten better in terms of delivering clean, clear text, so strike my comment earlier about the e-ink screen not changing.Regarding Paperwhite and the LED backlight... I had a basic non-paperwhite Amazon Kindle prior to this and turned the LED backlight on the Paperwhite all the way down and held the two next to one another. Amazingly, the non-paperwhite Kindle seemed to have a display that was less gray than the Paperwhite. However, when you put the LED backlight on just a bit (I think mine is set to "7"), it really makes the display quite white. In the end, if it works, it works, right?Overall, I like this e-reader a lot. It's wonderful for reading. It holds a battery charge for what seems like forever. It can store a ton of books. The ability to download over WiFi means you can get a new book almost instantly. The weight is good (though ever so slightly heavier than the basic Kindle). And the price isn't bad. It's inexpensive enough that you don't need to worry about it all that much as long as you're relatively careful with it. I don't bother with a case, opting to jam it into a Kindle-only pocket in my backpack, messenger bag, or even my back jeans pocket.In the end, this is the Kindle to buy. The backlight alone is worth a few extra bucks over the basic Kindle. Happy reading!
Works as expected. The screen is clear, both in sunlight and in the dark when using the build in light.Subtracted one star because I expected more from the 3G connectivity: outside the US a fee will be charged for syncing subscriptions and personal documents over 3G. Only when I had purchased the device this limitation became apparent in a notice on the device itself where the rates for 3G usage outside the US are mentioned. I haven't been able to find this information on the Amazon website.
If you're debating between the Paperwhite and the base Kindle, get this one.I purchased this as an upgrade to my 6" Kindle because I often found myself wanting to read in dark places. The original Kindle is great but the backlight on the Paperwhite is a must for people who can't always read with a light source. Plus the 300 dpi resolution is brilliant. Not to mention it loads books and pages quicker. The Paperwhite feels solid yet light in my hands. I like the backside of this device more than the regular Kindle: it has more grip but does require more cleaning if you choose to not use a case.This is a solid upgrade if you're looking for an improved reading device.
This is the one to get at such a reasonable price. And add a case to cover it and your set. Had an E-reader for over six years. The one with the keyboard. Liked that and the ease to use. Well this one is like buying a Rolls Royce and the other was a Chevrolet Spark. Had no idea I could transfer my old books. Did and in came 200 off my old E-Reader. Pleasant surprise. The picture is clear. You will get the exact font to you liking. Light with an abundant of features. To many to list here. Just read about it and it is a easy read for all the things you can do with it. Had no idea I was so far behind and got mine on sale as well. From Junior High on up schools should have these for the students for free use.
This is my first kindle,  and in short - I love it :)This is truly the new way to read books,  I was reading on iPad and Android kindle apps,  but the reading clarity and zero eye strain really makes reading on the kindle device a different experience.If you like reading and are considering buying a kindle,  get this one as its the best one out there,  I did a lot of research and debated between the kindly voyage and paperwhite and I can confidently say that this is the one to get.As a comparison, on the Android and iOS apps I used to read about 20 min before getting eye strain, and on this kindle I have read for more than 45 min without any issues.Works well in light / low light / dark. Excellent lighting and clarity in all situations.I highly recommend a cover for ease of holding and protection when closed. The cover I bought also automatically puts the kindle in standby mode when closing the flip cover.
My paperwhite was delivered five weeks ago and suddenly I am having problems turning pages. When I try to turn a page and the screen freezes I keep trying to get the page to turn. Sometimes after several attempts the page will turn but before I can read that page it automatically turns to another page and sometimes to a third page. I have bougbt 5 or 6 Kindles (mostly Fire HD) and this is the first time I have had to deal with this problem. I wanted an e-reader that had 3G and a longer battery life and have been thrilled with it until this problem started occurring. But this problem is extremely frustrating and unacceptable. I am 73 with health problems and spend hours each day reading. I have over 5,000 e-books and still buy several a month.
I've been a Kindle fan since the Touch came out. I won't travel without one, especially cruises where I can just sit on a balcony and devour book after book. With airlines continually reducing cabin bag space, being able to carry hundreds of books in the width of a magazine overcomes the loss of the tactile feel of reading a real book.Last summer, I upgraded to a Paperwhite, and loved it even more than my Touch. No glare or eye strain from the light! And then I dropped it in the pool. I scolded myself and decided I wouldn't replace it, because I was careless. That lasted about a week, and then a new Paperwhite (and this time, Square trade) was on the way.Lesson learned - I can't live without my Kindle. For anyone on the fence, check your local library; mine has such a great digital collection, I am not in debt to Amazon from purchases.
Love the Kindle Paperwhite. This is my first e-reader and I wouldn't want much else.I bought this device for the obvious reason of immediate access to books, as I read regularly but don't have a lot of space in my apartment left for books and have grown tired of carrying books around all day or leaving a book in another bag or at home and having nothing to read when I'm out or traveling. I also wanted an e-reader to read in bed with less light (to not disturb my partner), so the back light was important to me. The light is great, it can be turned up/down much like the light on your phone, but it is not as harsh of light as regular electronic devices. In regular lighting or daylight, you do not need the back light at all. I did NOT want an e-reader that was also a tablet/device for regular internet use, as that seemed too extra for me.The Paperwhite is gray scale, connects to wifi for downloading books and features such as linking to Wikipedia when you highlight a word or phrase. You can flag pages, highlight, write notes, change typefaces and font sizes, and look up word definitions. The device is also super light, I was surprised at how light it was when I opened the box.
I have gone through three nook readers, two of which I really liked, one was just a cheap Android tablet. During that time I also ran through a few hundred books. I am truly a reading nerd. After  leaving my most current nook simple reader in my hotel room last week, and failing to recover it through hotel staff, I was forced into a decision. I can't go through a day without reading, and B&N; really does not support the nook anymore.So, I bought the Kindle Paperwhite. Delivered in two days. I'm hooked. I love it. I can comfortably read in the dark now. I make excuses to my close people to sneak off and read it. Lightweight, small footprint, crystal clear screen. How do they do it? I don't know, they just do it. Glad they did.
This was my first foray into e-readers, and I couldn't be happier.  I mainly read in bed before sleeping, and after dropping an ipad mini on my face a few times when dozing off, I decided to try out a paperwhite.  First, I can lower the brightness more than the ipad and still read comfortably, so it doesn't bother the wife as much.  Next, its much lighter and smaller than the mini, so it's easier to hold.  Finally, I was put off a bit that the backlit display resembled my old palm pilot, but then I actually took it out into the sunlight, and I immediately understood all the rave reviews about the display.  So much easier to read ebooks!I opted for the ads version to evaluate, and frankly it doesn't bother me much.  Just a simple swipe when I open, and I'm past the ad.  If this irks you, there's always an option to pay for the ad free experience later
Product is great. Was a keyboard Kindle user for years. Upgraded during the Father's Day sale ($99). I was on the fence due to reading some of the negative review, however, I have not experienced any of those issues. Battery life is as advertised. I like the backlight. Can be adjusted to any lighting condition. I like the fact that they removed most of the other software from this version. It is a simple e-reader and that's all. No other distractions. At first I wasn't sure if I would like the reduced functionality. However, I fund that I really appreciate it. Would highly recommend!
I'm really glad I got such a great deal on this Kindle.  I've wanted one for a while and I'm loving this one!  I gave it 4 stars because I can't figure out how to have regular pagination on the bottom corner (like you normally would in a book) and the page turning it strange because you tap either edge of the screen to turn your page and it blinks as it's "turning" to the new page.  Now that I'm used to it, it's fine, but it wasn't as intuitive as I thought it would be.  Other than that, I'm loving the adjustable ... everything.  The lighting, the font, all sorts of things.  I just wish that you could download free ebook versions of books that you've already bought physical copies of, but I guess that isn't how things work.  Anyway, this very lightweight reader is perfect for my needs and I'm looking forward to taking it on a cruise with me later this year! ^_^  And all the trips in between.
The Kindle Paperwhite E-reader physical design is satisfactory. However, I was greatly disappointed to learn that it could not be used at my public library but other E-readers were, including the Amazon Fire. Also the feature to tell you how long (estimated) it will be before you finish the chapter does not work. My estimation is always at a minute and imminently disappointing because I thought it would be a great feature for certain situations. It is a shame that Amazons best E-reader is not able to be used to rent books from a public library. It is pure greed and Amazon should be ashamed.
I've wanted a Paperwhite for about four years now. I bought a Kindle Fired HD 7 a few years ago because it was more practical for college, but I always pinned after the Paperwhite and all its non-backlight, lightweight, vocabulary builder, no-distracting apps, galore. So I finally pulled the trigger and got it refurbished for $79.99 and I'm so happy I did. This is my first refurbished item ever so I was a little nervous before it arrived. Thankfully, the screen was in perfect condition along with most of the bezels, delivery time was reasonable (I paid to get it delivered to my house sooner), the packaging was simple and professional looking.My only complaint is that there is a VERY SLIGHT scratch near the "kindle" logo on the bottom of the front bezel. Although I'm not sure a scratch is an accurate word for the mark; it doesn't feel different from the rest of the unscratched parts of the device. But there is a mark there. Maybe smear is a better word? I don't know. But what I do know is that despite that VERY MINOR sign of wear and tear, I couldn't be happier with my Paperwhite and I can't imagine my life without it now.Btw: Is it normal that there's a very noticeable shadow towards the bottom of the screen where the lights come from when the lights are on dimmer settings (i.e.: 1-9)?
My Kindle would not turn on this morning, apparently froze up in the off position. II use my wife's Kindle which has a Kindle use guide and found out that I can correct the problem by pushing and holding the on off button at the bottom 7+ seconds. This action corrected the problem and the unit loaded backup, even holding my spot in the book. Neat!  Amazon should have a question/answer site for Kindle.  I never found it. skipjack
I have had a Kindle almost since they first came out. Don't quite understand Amazon's ordering of them--I figure I must be up to my 6th or 7th now, but at the moment this one seems to be Kindle #4. It's indispensable to me--for travel, absolutely, but also because I own way too many books and if I didn't put some of them on Kindle it would boil down to the books or things like dishes and pots and pans. I have even thought of Virginia Woolf's solution: at Monks House they stacked them up the sides of the staircase. The Kindle is easier!
The Kindle Paperwhite is easy to use in any sunlight and the battery life lasts a very long time per charge, weeks if you are a light user. It is very durable, I have dropped mine a few times and they seem to not be damaged in any way. The exterior is a kind of rubber too so Its like a case built in. I buy many of my books from O'Reilly and transfer them using either the email deliver system or most times use the transfer cable to copy over the .mobi files to the device. Images in these technical books are usually great. You can zoom in on pictures if the book was crafted correctly and I haven't had an issue yet viewing a picture in any of the books I have, which I found surprising for a black and white device that seems to put little focus on graphics. The only drawbacks I see is the thing will constantly put ads in your face. Ads on the lock screen, suggested books to buy, a banner ad in the footer under the suggested books to by. Even when you put it to sleep the screen puts a add on the screen then puts it to sleep. Leaving the ad sitting there until you return. The other thing that I wish would be improved upon is more memory. I want to use this as a storehouse for my digital library, which I currently do, but I get close to the 4gb limit. It would be nice to have more memory as you can fit so much more than 4gb of memory on something the size of a finger nail (SD Card). Overall a 5 star experience if you just want to read books and not play games on you e-reader which is what I want out of my e-reader.
This was given as a gift to me for Christmas. I had been looking over reviews and researching e-readers for some time and decided that even though there were rumors about the 4th gen of the paperwhite coming out, there was no hard proof it would be soon. I added this to my wish list and my secrete Santa got it for me. I absolutely love it, I get books from my local library through Overdrive, it's worth your time to save yourself the money! (I promise!)All of my experience has been great, but if I could offer one thing to the manufacturers, add more memory to these! 4gb is a decent amount, but really, in 2017/2018 with our phones being smaller than this paperwhite, I have 128gb in my phone...I would also recommend getting a cover/case for it. It will protect your screen, feel better to hold, and you can pick great designs (so why not!)
So far I am loving my new e-reader.  I had the older non-touch screen version (that had a keyboard!) previously and I traded it in through Amazon's program to get credit for the purchase of this new e-reader.  I thought I would miss the page-next buttons, so far though I really do not.  A small part of me wishes there was a kick-stand feature (as in the next model up where there is a fancy case for such uses), but I didn't want to spring the extra cash just for a kick-stand.  When I don't feel like holding the e-reader I prop it up on a dish (I am usually having some tea or coffee when I do a lot of reading so there is a dish next to me that had a scone or something too) or even my phone.I was able to save a few bucks by reusing the original charger unit from my first Kindle (remember when the Kindles actually CAME with a wall plug, who would have thought, right?) and it works just great.I am glad I didn't spring more cash for the upper level Kindles (there are two other options "above" this one).  Definitely recommend.FWIW I read about 30-45 minutes a day now and my eyes enjoy the new reader very much.  I have been charging this regularly every week (plug it in Saturday morning, it's good to go by Saturday night) and haven't had any issues.
Occasionally I still read a paper book, but I love the Kindle size, weight, and how easy it is to take with me.  It is easier to hold and read than a paper book. The backlighting makes it even easier to see in any lighting. If I need to change the font to larger or smaller size, that's easy as well.  It just makes reading easier.
This is the fifth Kindle I've owned & I think it is my third PaperWhite. I have loved them all, each one an improvement over the last! This newest one is absolutely much, much sharper & faster than any I have owned up to this day. I started using the Kindle when they originally came out. Actually, my husband ordered it for himself. "I prefer real books," I told him. The poor man hasn't even held a kindle in his hands since then, unless he's handing it to me! I just took it over. When I first tried it I saw immediately the convenience of it, of course! Then I started realizing the cost savings over all forms of printed books. Next I realized it was so easy to read more than one book at a time! As the Kindle has evolved (& evolved it has!) many items have been added which I love. At this point I am reading nothing BUT Kindle books. There are just so many free and $0.99 books & with Amazon Prime I also get a free book each month. Now that Amazon has made it possible to have Family accounts I don't have to use my husbands Amazon account to purchase these books; that used to be the only way I had of tracking which books I'd already bought. Now I can do all of that on my own Amazon account but still have access to the thousands of books I've bought over the years though my husband's account. And since I always rate a Kindle book when I finish it, both Amazon & GoodReads (of which I am a member) can see my ratings immediately. Great job, Kindle!
I am an avid reader but for years I have been reluctant to give up my physical books. As a result, this is my first E-reader and I've already become very dependent on it.  My only complaint thus far is that I expected it to be somewhat lighter than it is.  At nearly 12 ounces (with a folding cover) it is nearly 50% heavier than most of my mass edition paperback books (which average about 8 oz.).  I suspect most of the weight is the internal battery so there isn't much that can be done about it until someone improves on lithium-ion battery technology.  Charging is simple, relatively fast, and the charge does last a very long time compared to my tablet, laptop, and phone.Overall, coupled with an Amazon Kindle Unlimited subscription, the Paperwhite can't be beat tor convenience and flexibility.  Being able to select a font and font size and not needing an external light to read by have turned me into an E-reader convert.
I absolutely loved my Kindle Paperwhite E-reader. This is definitely smaller than the iPad mini and definitely lighter in weight when holding it in my hands. Which I absolutely love. I no longer have to switch from wrist to wrist while holding it. Where as my iPad mini constantly hurt my wrist and I have would have to switch while reading my books on it.  The screen is spectacular because it is white like a regular page in a paper back book. There is no glare from lights inside my home or from the sun outside.  It is amazing to have a tablet to read on while I'm laying on my beach towel at the beach, on my picnic blanket in the park and while on our boat sailing. To be able to read outside on a tablet again is the most amazing feeling in the world. My eyes no longer strain and tire out. If you are like me, someone who loves to read books but switched over to iPads, who used to strain their eyes and get tired wrists, this product is for you. I highly recommend it. It has increased the amount of time I read again, not just indoors but also out doors. I take it with me every where. Best kindle that Amazon has come out with to date by far!!!!
It's been 53 weeks since I accidentally sat on my 4 year old, perfectly working Kindle Keyboard and killed it. It was one of those times that I removed it from its case. And it took me that long to purchase another one because I wanted to give my Note 4 a chance to be a replacement ebook reader. But that failed, I don't think I even finished a book with the Kindle app. I easily get distracted and do something else. So when I was in the US for the past month, I went to Best Buy at the John Hancock center to check on the e-readers available. There was the Voyage, the Fire tablets and this one, the Paperwhite. Both the Kindles are only available with the Special Offer ads. For a while I considered getting the Fire HD but I realized that it's still a tablet and I will still get distracted so I finally decided, after a couple of days of going back and forth, to get the Paperwhite instead (I didn't like the haptic feedback of the Voyage). And so far, I was able to finish Me Before You for the long flight of Chicago to Minnesota to Tokyo to Manila with only half of the battery consumed.It's only been 3 days since I got it, but I'm seriously hoping that this will outlive my Kindle Keyboard far longer. I also got Amazon's leather cover for protection. I wanted a cheaper one, but it's the only cover available at Best Buy.By the way, it works with my Asus Power bank and the old Amazon power adapter included with the past Kindles.
A nice sturdy device that takes a bit of getting used to as I used to have the older Kindle with page buttons. Physically it is thiner and lighter but there are aspects that take getting used to.1. The much talked about LEDs are quite different to the older Kindle Covers that had lights built in them and shown down onto the screen. No matter what, the older Cover Light + Kindle seemed to have more of the effect of light (or tourchlight) shining down on the surface. No matter what is written about the new LEDs - they still seem to me to be a little more "tablet" like in the sense that you don't really get the feeling that the light is above the surface as opposed to shining behind it. This is a small but important detail since the primary reason of having a Kindle is to ensure your eyes are protected.2. The initial setup of the UX of the home screen is very different to the older page list of book titles. I know this is just more modern, but it can be confusing particularly if all you want to do is give a young child a good e-reader to read her books. It is possible "to turn off" the home screen / store screen but it's not immediately apparent.3. You can obviously change the font sizes of the books your read - but NOT the font size of the home screen pages (i.e. the list of titles of books etc).4. The combination of the power button and slide to unlock can be a bit fiddly. More than a few occasions when you press the button below but the screen doesn't unlock cause you still have to slide. I know this is standard tablet UX but - again - it's different and one step more compared to the older Kindle of one button.
I bought this as a replacement for a previous version of this product.  I have had many Kindles through the years and have tried most of them, both higher and lower in cost.  I think this Paperwhite version hits the right mix of all and gets the job done.  It has a higher resolution than it's predecessor and seems somewhat brighter also.  As I progress in age, that resolution does make a difference.  The "page turn flicker" that is known on all e-ink readers is reduced greatly on this version of the Paperwhite.  I also like being able to swipe or tap on the edges to turn the page. The item  I also opted for the free 3g version of this item and it works great.  I really like being able to check my library and the Amazon store any time without incurring additional charges.  I do miss the Active Content that was useable on previous versions of the Paperwhite, however, I would much rather have the higher resolution than the active content.  If you tend to read a lot, this is a must have.
I had my Kindle Touch for 5 years with no issues. Then suddenly the power on /off button didn't work. I could charge it, get wifi, get ads onscreen (which actually changed so it seemed to work) but no use of the power button. I also tried taking the battery out and putting it back in and then it would work! Except for the power button, so once it shut itself off, I couldn't use the button to power it on again. I tried online chat to troubleshoot but was given the impression that with the cost of repairs I might as well get a new one . I always used a book light on my Kindle touch but wanted the light built in. I decided to get the Paperwhite. It's easy to set up, register and download previous content. I'm very happy with the features, which seem to be the same as my original Kindle Touch only easier to use. My main issue with the Paperwhite is that I didn't know I wouldn't be able to play my favorite Kindle game, EVERY WORD! I was so disappointed that I kept taking the battery out of my old kindle touch and putting it back in to get it working to play Every Word. So if this is something you want in a Kindle, do NOT get the Paperwhite. If it's not important to you, the Kindle  Paperwhite is simple to use, and much nicer with the built-in backlight! The screen brightness and font sizing are easily adjustable, as well as font size, bookmarking pages, getting definitions, etc. overall, uncomplicated to use.
I've purchased many, many eBooks over the years (I even bought the RCA Rocket way, way back) but, I do have to say, the Paperwhite is my favorite - so far. It's lightweight, easy to use, and I love, love, love the light! I'm at the age where I need reading glasses to see small print but I like to read in bed before I go to sleep, so I don't want to wear glasses. The adjustable light and print take this over the top for me! The light doesn't even bother my husband who's sleeping next to me. In the past, he's complained that my book lights have been too bright. Even my iPad light bugs him but he doesn't even notice this one. Happy harmony in our home! I even bought Kindle Paperwhites for my daughter, my mom, and my sister. My only complaint is, that the Paperwhite I bought for my daughter for Christmas 2015, suddenly showed a message saying that it needed a repair yesterday. No matter what I did, it wouldn't restart. I contacted Amazon Customer Service, and they figured out that it was probably a hardware issue. Now, Amazon's customer service is usually the bomb - they've always gone above and beyond before - but, since the Kindle was past the 1 year warranty, they wouldn't replace it. They were very helpful and gave me a replacement discount of $15.00, but I would hope that a Kindle would last longer than a year and a half. I have old Kindles that still work perfectly. Even my Rocket still works! This doesn't say much for the newest generations of Kindles. I'm not happy that I had to buy a new one but we'll see how the other 3 Paperwhites I've purchased last. (and the new one I just had to buy to replace my daughter's) For now, I'll leave my 5 star rating but I'll definitely be updating if there are problems with the other Paperwhites.UPDATE: I deregistered my daughter's 'broken' Paperwhite, and then re-registered it. Lo and behold! It works! Of course, all of her books were gone and had to be re-downloaded but, hey, it beats paying for a new Kindle. I guess I'll be returning the one I bought to replace it. Yay!! I never thought to try that before calling customer support. If that happens to yours, now you'll know! :)
I can't tell much difference between this newer model and the older one (2013), but I love it just as much.  My old one was lost/stolen and I immediately ordered another.  It came within days.  The newer model might be easier to read, but without the old one next to it for comparison, I cannot tell.  I highly recommend the Kindle Paperwhite.  When I first ordered it my replacement Paperwhite, I didn't notice that is was limmited to Wi-Fi.  I returned it and am happy to have the 3G so that I can download and read anywhere.May 10, 2017 UPDATE.  I've used this for less than a year (purchased 6/29/16) and the receiving port for the charger doesn't work.  That's why I'm downgrading this reader from 5 to 2 stars.  The charger works well for other items, so that's not the problem.  It's in the interior of the reader.  I'm having trouble reaching Amazon to find out if I can get a refund since the product only lasted 11 months.  My other Kindle, purchased in (I think) 2014 is still going strong.
I actually have purchased two of these. The first one I could not get to connect to my home wifi despite literally spending hours on the phone and e-chatting with tech support from both Amazon and Comcast. The second was supposed to be a replacement for the first. It also would not connect to my wifi. Comcast kept insisting the error was in the Kindle. Amazon kept insisting the problem was with my router/Comcast. I'm not a tech noob, and I have three tech-savvy teens in the house. None of us could get these devices to work. I didn't care where the problem was, I just wanted to have a functional e-reader! Then a series of snowstorms came to my region & prevented me from getting to the post office where I could return both devices in time. Now I own two Kindles which are 100% useless to me. I spent hundreds of dollars and got nothing out of it.
I thought about purchasing a kindle for the longest time. I am so glad I did! I love this little e-reader. I chose the paperwhite because of the backlight and price. I can easily read at night with the lights off. My eyes do not strain with the paperwhite. I was reading on my ipad and took notice my eyes hurt more and I would easily get tired. I can read for hours with the paperwhite. Easy to use. Love the fact that I can purchase books and have them readily available. Great purchase!Pictures: One is with the light maxed out. The other shows what the paperwhite looks like with the backlight at its lowest setting. Photo of kindle paperwhite without special offers.
Unfortunately, I had to replace my first Kindle, as the buttons stopped working on it. It was over 6 years old, and I read thousands of books on it, so I can't really complain. Reluctantly, I spent the money to get the Paperwhite and oh my! I absolutely love it! It's much more clear (higher pixel count/resolution) and the ease of changing the screen brightness is outstanding.If there is one thing I don't like, it would be how you can see either all the books, or the collections. When you download a new book, it doesn't just show up. You have to change views to "all books", then find the book, select it, and add it to a collection. My other Kindle simply showed new items at the end of my collections. That was much easier to use and faster as well. Unless I'm completely missing something, the new Paperwhite doesn't allow that.Other than that one thing, I love using this to read! Great improvement over my last Kindle!
I am slightly disappointed in the Kindle Paperwhite perhaps because I am comparing to my original Kindle Fire. On the positive side, the print readability is very good though that is pretty much its only redeeming quality in comparison. So what don't I like ?On my Kindle Fire (Gen1) I have a carousel where I can see "on deck books" to read while leaving the rest of them off the carousel but still in the device itself. In the paperwhite, the entire list is there, no segmentation so I have to remember what is on deck - no way to relegate it to a background area.The Kindle fire is a 7" unit while the paperwhite is 6" meaning I get less text per page and thus, many more page turns.Since I just received it yesterday, I am still considering a return and a new Kindle Fire but may not. Bottom line, if you never owned any of them you might like the paperwhite for its compactness, ability to read in sunlight and superior dpi but side by side, I prefer my Kindle Fire.UPDATE : ADDED an extra star - It appears I can make categories called COLLECTIONS (so for example you could put all your history books in a collection, etc) so I created one called On Deck To Read, added my recent unread books and now I have a way to keep track. Finish a book, remove it from the collection. Buy one, add to that collection. Happier now.
I really love my paper white. The lights and glare of other devices has hurt my head to read from for much length of time. This device is just perfect. I can read in broad daylight or read indoors. The lighting feature kinda takes me to the same situation as with other screens, but not to the same extent. I think it is very user friendly and am enjoying the clippings section where everything I highlight is at a fingertip. I think the vocabulary builder is pretty cool too. All of those are perks to the way it handles my library of books better than any other device.If you are looking for more features than a black and white screen that you can read your library on, features like ability to watch movies, etc, then this isnt the device for you. But, if you love to read and dont want the glare, this device beautifully presents every page.
I love my kindle more than life itself. I do like the feel of books, but it is so nice to be able to lay in bed, on my side, under my covers; with the lights off and be able to read a book without the struggles of turning pages, keeping the lights on, and having my arm fall asleep from trying to hold the physical book up.Amazon Kindle also offers amazing deals on books that you just cant beat.The only thing I wish they would add is a timer to automatically turn the page. I know that makes me sound so lazy, but sometimes my page turning finger gets cold and I dont like to take it out from under the covers.
Great E-Reader for those like me who just can't justify the price tag for the Oasis 2.  I've never owned one of the e-ink readers from Amazon before, but have had several other third party brands.  I've owned numerous Fire tablets so the whole Amazon experience is very familiar.  This one is definitely the best display I've seen on any such device.  Comes backed with the Amazon store and the lenders library is nice, but I have had a hard time finding titles that I would be interested in.  I've only had the device a few days so time will tell.No real cons other than that, the web browser is a bit of a gimmick but I guess it works if you're desperate.  I do wish it supported epub (my Kindle Fire didn't either) like every other reader on the planet does but 30 seconds in Calibre will get it into a format Amazon likes.
I have had many a Kindle since they were first available, and I've loved everyone of them. This, version, however, is the crown-jewel for hardcore readers. There are none of the distractions (like I have on my beloved Kindle Fire) that can obliterate valuable reading time from your life. Mine was given to me as a gift, because I saw that a friend of mine (who also had a beloved Fire ;/ ), was able to concentrate on, and finish novels that are part of a series, or very long stand-alone books, while I was forever finding reasons NOT to finish. Specifically: endlessly researching words, or place names, or obscure references in a given book and taking a few weeks to read something that could have been finished in a weekend. It is the best version of a paperback (lightweight), and the new technology (capacity, utility, etc.)If you want a reader, not a big-ass smart phone, this is the one!
Love this thing!  It's my first Kindle.  I don't like reading from a phone or computer screen, but I thought I would give it a try to make it easier to read in bed while my husband is sleeping and to better manage the mounting pile of books that is becoming a storage issue in my house.  I'M NOT DISAPPOINTED AT ALL!  It's everything I hoped.  It's very comfortable to my eyes.  I love the features like being able to change the font and highlight points of interest.  I especially love the instant dictionary.  Kindle unlimited is very nice, too.  I purchased a  "Fintie Slimshell Case for Kindle Paperwhite - The Thinnest and Lightest PU Leather Cover Auto Sleep/Wake for all-new Amazon Kindle Paperwhite" .  It works great with my new Kindle and makes the device a pleasure to hold in my hands and have laying around my house.
I'm pretty tech challenged so I'm finding the PW3 a bit more fiddly than I had expected. I have very little experience with a touch screen & very long fingernails get in the way as well.  It was relatively easy to get things up and running, so for anyone with more tech skills it should be very simple to understand what all the little symbols mean.  For me there is a learning curve.I really like the way it feels in my hand & the adjustable back light is very handy, even though I keep forgetting it's there and turn on room lights anyway.  I had the Kindle keyboard before, so I'm not totally clueless about how to select books and read them, but everything else is pretty different and I do a lot of wandering trying to get to where I want to be.  I find the touch screen to be overly responsive along the left border, so I'm frequently going back a page when I don't mean to.  The much larger are dedicated to going forward is not quite as snappy to respond and I often have to tap or scroll it a few times.I also have problems with the dictionary function when I'm just trying to turn a page. If I'm not careful to tap a blank area the thing will throw a definition at me, so I wish that it only responded if you touch the word for a longer period of time. It also seems to pop up the function to look at others areas while holding my place very easily. On the other hand, trying to tap at the top of the page to get to the main menu can be an annoying exercise!  I had finished a book and gotten to the area past the ratings and there was wording at the very top line and it took several tries for it toaccept the direction....and it wouldn't go back or forward either.  In both the books I've been reading on it, there have been a couple of times that a lite print shows up saying 3 remarks, which I can only guess must have something to do with people sharing something.  But I'd prefer it didn't show up without me indicating I want to see such comments.  And I haven't figured out how to remove the notation or actually read the remarks anyway!It is very quick to download new books with the wifi in my home, even from another room.  There also doesn't seem to be any lag time at all when turning pages, except when it doesn't "feel" me  The screen is quite clear and easy to read and adjusting the print size is simple.  It charged up pretty quickly using a usb port on my computer, but I also have a wall charger from my old Kindle that seems to fit, so I expect that will be even quicker.  It does seem to have a good battery life when just left idle to only download every time I select another book.  I haven't really put it to the test yet since I have over a thousand books on the old one and haven't figured out how to get it to sync a book that isn't already on the PW3I having some issues understanding the new way The Manage You Kindle function on Amazon works, but i do so wish they would have and indication with your purchased book list that let you know you've read/rated books on it so I don't end up loading a bunch of stuff I've already finished. I usually read 5-8 books a week so remembering the titles of the older listings is way to taxing for my aging brain!  And I haven't figured out how things end up in the cloud yet either!Overall I'm pretty happy with the PW3, it's not perfect or designed exactly how I would have done it, but I'm sure most people aren't carrying the thing around and switching hands as often as I do, so it will probably be just perfect for most.
I purchased the Kindle Paperwhite version with ads. So far I do not have any issues with the ads as you only see an ad when you very first turn on the Kindle, once you open your book the ad is gone. The ads are for other books that you may wish to read so it can be a good way to discover new reading materials. Personally I don't see why anyone would spend an extra $20 to eliminate the opening ad since they disappear with one swipe.Now back to the review of the Kindle: This reader is extremely light weight especially when compared to holding an actual book. I have found that sometimes when I turn the page I occasionally cause it to turn multiple pages and have to backtrack to get to the correct page. The brightness of the screen is adjustable as well as the font size. I purchased the Fintie case for my Kindle, it is still very light weight, comfortable to hold, and fits nicely inside a small purse.Overall, I am very happy with my purchase.
I LOVE IT! I borrow books from my library through Overdrive. I no longer have to plug my ereader into the computer to download a book because the Kindle and Overdrive sync my accounts and the borrowed book downloads via WiFi. I also like that there is a Kindle owners' lending library to use to borrow other books.In some of my nonfiction books I highlight and make notes, which I can easily view on the Kindle or computer. The technology for syncing across all of my devices is just fantastic.Finally, I love the display. I had an older Nook without the lighting, which made it difficult to read at night before bed. This one is easy on the eyes and I love being able to change the brightness level. The font that was made especially for this really does make reading easier.All in all, you can't go wrong with this. If you have been thinking about getting an ereader or upgrading one this is a great choice.
I previously had the Kindle keyboard 3, which I was very satisfied with, so I was, at first, reluctant to buy the new Kindle Paperwhite.  However, I'm very glad that I made the purchase.  The lighted screen is very easy on my eyes, especially when reading in the near dark.  I love the overall evenness of the lighted screen, especially in the dark.  In the dark, it's like holding some kind of space age tablet in a science fiction movie.  I appreciate the vocabulary building feature, because so many times I look up word that I don't know, and then soon after forget the meaning.  This way I can review the words that I looked up until I've really memorized the meaning.  It's quite light and comfortable to hold, and the battery go a long way between charges.  I do wish that it had a 'darker ink' option.  However, the Helvetica lettering darkness, does give me the the darkness that I like.
I love this Kindle! I had one of the first Kindles, and I thought I would miss the physical keyboard, but this product is great!I enjoy e-books because I can enjoy a book immediately (instant gratification with the book instantly being delivered to your device) and I also like to read while laying on my side. This Kindle is lightweight, easy to hold, and it is easy to turn the pages. The actual user interface of the Kindle is fairly intuitive and an improvement on older models.The screen is great! I appreciate the fact that it is backlit. You really can read anywhere without glare.Battery life on this Kindle is good, but not great. The older Kindle seemed to last a lot longer; I feel that my battery was drained earlier than the stated battery life. This is probably because this Kindle is backlit and uses up battery more quickly. You do not have to charge this device every day, so ultimately this is not a very big issue.At the end of the day, it is an e-reader that does the job and does it well. I would highly recommend!
I've been using my Kindle Paperwhite for several weeks now.  A LOT has been said about this little device, so I'm going to keep my review short and sweet.I love it.BUT - You need to realize that this is a one-trick-pony.  It lets you comfortably and conveniently read books in almost any situation short of rainfall (and allows you to make impulse buys of even more books from Amazon), but if you are looking for any additional capability past that then this may not be the e-reader for you.Pros:+  Small, light, easy to hold for long periods of time.+  Light intensity, font style and print size widely adjustable for comfort.+  Easy to use, convenient to pick up and put down.+  A charge lasts for weeks, not hours.+  Enough memory to hold thousands upon thousands of books.+  I can connect to my local library system and check out books.Cons:-  My version is wi-fi only, so you must have a passing familiarity with how to use wi-fi in order to connect.-  It doesn't let you listen to audio books.  Maybe the next generation?-  The main library menu that lists all the stored books needs to be made easier (and quicker) to navigate.  I would like the ability to create personal categories or genres and sort my books using the Amazon website or via 3rd party software like Calibre (instead of just on the Kindle itself) so I can more quickly organize - and reorganize - my collection.-  The Amazon website needs to have a better dedicated place on your account page to more easily manage your personal Kindle, including your books and other content.  Yes, there is a dedicated page for Kindle Unlimited, but if you don't have an Unlimited account working with your Kindle on the website is still a little too piecemeal and inconvenient to navigate.Neutral:=  Remember, this is essentially a book.  If you are looking to play Mahjongg on it or surf the interwebs perhaps this isn't for you.  But if you enjoy just reading then this little gizmo is truly a wonder.I am very pleased with my purchase.
Disappointed in the new E reader. This is my 3rd Kindle E-reader and I'm un-impressed with this one.  It's not white at all, it's grayish in color and there is a dark horizontal smudge along the very bottom of the screen.  It downloads my books faster then my old one, and I like the touch screen, although it's not very responsive at times.  I was excited to get this new version thinking it would be easier on my eyes,  but I don't think it is. I was expecting so much more. I traded in a 2009 model, got a $5 gift card and then another $20 credit, but still, it was $100 and it makes me sad that I spent my hard earned money this.Update 5/6/16Now that I've had my Kindle Paperwhite a little while I do enjoy it. It's not as "white" as I would like, but I'm use to reading on my tablet, which is really bright white. I do however turn the background on my Kindle app to green or sepia on my tablet when the white starts to bother my eyes, but don't have that problem with the paperwhite. I am still a little miffed about the smudge on the bottom of the screen, but now I hardly  notice it anymore. It syncs quickly unlike my older keyboard Kindle, and I love the touch screen. I use to forget that my older Kindle reader was not touch screen and after a day at work with a touch screen and my smart phone it was comical trying to swipe and getting no response.  I'm  upping to 4 stars for speed of sync and download, touch screen and easy on the eyes.
It's bright, clear, light, and connects easily with wifi when required. Lots of room, intuitive touchscreen -- my previous model was keyboard kindle. Of course we always want more features. No reader has a great way to keep your place, then flick back and forth in the book. We need a way to do that as easily as with a paper book, and also a better way to give constant feedback on where you are in the book -- the 'minutes left' thing is a bit silly if you ask me. Integrated dictionary and Wikipedia is fantastic; reading Austen and want to know exactly what a post-chaise is? Tap, hold, and Wikipedia will tell you. Battery life is so long its not worth mentioning; you have all the free classics from guttenberg available to you, and you can easily load your own docs too with the free converter. Oh and the cover is worth it.
This Kindle Paperwhite is my third Kindle, I have had it about a year and just wanted to let everyone know who may be on the fence about getting one how amazing it is.  As an avid reader, I spent years in the library and loved going there at least every two weeks to always have a book to read.  When I was in a bad car accident several years ago, friends from work chipped in and got me my first Kindle and a gift certificate for books, since I was required to stay off my injured leg for 6 weeks.  I was hooked and never looked back.  Choosing books and downloading is effortless, however I do find it more fun to shop on my iPad in the Kindle Store app or on my laptop  since I can see the covers in color, but after that it's all Kindle.  I have read some books on my iPad, but for reading in bed with the great adjustable backlight, or outside, the Kindle is wonderful.  I purchased my Paperwhite last year although there was nothing wrong with my last Kindle (the basic model now), just so I could have a little better resolution and a shiny new Kindle.  I probably read a book per week, probably more in the summer because I love to sit outside with a cup of coffee and my kindle in the morning or a glass wine on a warm evening and read.  What else can I say? I love this thing.
To be honest, I only ordered the Kindle Paperwhite because I accidentally destroyed my Kindle -Ink Pearl with Keyboard. I had had it for over 8 years and really loved it. Overall I really like the Paperwhite.Pros of the Paperwhite*Great adjustable backlight for easy reading day or night* Compact design* Availability of a wide range of reading thru Amazon* Can store thousands of books at your fingertips* Comes in white or black* Customizable text, both size and font* 3G enabled available (I didn't opt for this)* The price is very reasonable* Many cases available* Touch screenCons of the Paperwhite* No keyboard outside of the touch screen* No navigation buttons(Both of these cons are simply things I miss because of having had the original e-Ink Pearl with Keyboard)
I had purchased a refurbished Kindle from Amazon and after one month it started to freeze and then just stopped working. Called customer service and after being on the phone with them for an hour they said that they could only give me a $35 discount on a new kindle. I was actually upset that I had purchased a refurbished amazon product and there was no warranty on it. I ended up buying a new Kindle with the discount (should have bought one originally cause I ended up spending the same amount of money and would have had no hassle) and it has been working perfectly. I highly recommend going with the new one if you are going to buy a paper white.
I could not be happier with my purchase of the Kindle Paperwhite. I originally got one as a gift for Christmas from my fianc, and my fianc and I had to share because we both loved it so much. I ended up buying him one for his birthday so I could regain full use of mine.I've used mine almost daily. The battery life lasts a very long time, the pages are easy to read off of and customizable- you can change the background light, adjust font size/style and instantly look up definitions of words if you have an internet connection. Downloading books onto it takes only a short time. The only thing that isn't perfect on it is usability when it comes to the internet. It is not very functional, and difficult to navigate with load time being very slow. However, that is not necessarily what it was made for so it is understandable that it is not its best function. A Kindle Fire might be a better option for you if you're looking for something primarily for internet use rather than strictly reading.
This was my first time in a while to purchase a tech product NOT made by Apple.  And this late-generation Amazon Kindle proves again why Apple is the leader in these kinds of products.Sure, this Kindle works fine once you've gotten the e-books into it.  But getting books into the Kindle (especially book files that AREN'T purchased from Amazon) is difficult and annoying, and quite often doesn't work as it is supposed to.  The Kindle comes with a special "email address" that is supposed to allow emailing these book files to the Kindle.  But it rarely works, and when it does sometimes the books go missing for no particular reason.And installing updated firmware was also a trip to hell and back.  I couldn't register the new Kindle and finally called tech support who told me about a "bug" that stopped the unit from being registered.  Really?  How stupid is this?It's fine once you've jumped through all these tech hurdles.  But I would have thought Amazon would have worked out these bugs by now.
I was dubious when I first got it because the screen is way smaller than I thought (only about 4 and a half inches by 4 inches) but the resolution and the font style coupled with the backlighting means that it's possible to keep the font fairly small, so you're not turning the page too often, and still read comfortably. The lock screen ads are not really intrusive, they are there when you open the cover but as soon as you swipe to open the book they are gone. I was going to contact Amazon to have them removed but to be honest I find that they really don't bother me enough to want to take the time to do that. The biggest downside I find is that in the Library view, the covers are very small and monochrome and I not backlit which makes it very difficult to tell from the cover which book in a series is which without opening it first. If they had say a double tap to enlarge the cover to fullscreen that would make opening the correct book in a series much easier.
Excellent for what it is and for it's price; however for those of you who are coming from or looking for an alternative to the kindle app on ipad or mini-ipad you may have a few a disappointments. The interface is a little clunky aesthetically compared to the kindle app but is very functional and takes almost no learning curve to make the switch. Where it is flawless in it's execution: it's lightness, it's compactness, it's glarefree text.  The night light also works well. Less well done are the page transitions when you swipe. It kind of blinks at you rather than glides to a new page. You get used to it and it really isn't too troublesome after a while but for someone coming from the app it is jarring at first.  I would compare the difference of experience between the Kindole app on an ipad, as that between reading on a hardcover book to reading from a paperback.  The paperweight has all the convenience and functionality of a paperpack, but is slightly less appealing aesthetically.  The 6 inch screen is quite small. I hope Amazon considers releasing an 8 inch and maybe even 10 inch model. Also one feature I wish they would port from the app is the night screen where you have white lettering and a black background.  Also I wouldn't mind being able to vertically scroll through my books. One other note. For some reason one of my books which works on Kindle Fire and Kindle App does not work on the Paperweight. Not a big issue but somewhat strange. I will continue to use the Kindle app on the ipad but it's nice now to have the option of using the Paperweight, particularly when traveling or outside the house.
I toyed with the idea of buying a Kindle for years. I'm not the most avid reader in the world, I usually just do it for a while before bed to help me sleep at night. I was always a fan of the texture of the pages in actual books, so I was hesitant to take the plunge.That being said, I don't regret this purchase at all. In fact, I wish I had made it sooner. The Kindle Paperwhite is lightweight, small enough to store, comfortable to hold, and easy to use. Upon receiving the product, I didn't realize the screen was on, it looked like it was printed on actual paper. I usually keep my backlighting on around 20% and I increased the font size to reduce strain when reading in low light before bed. I really like being able to highlight a word and have several definitions from 3 sources pop up, saving me from having to Google it on my phone (something I try to avoid before sleep). I also travel a lot, and having something this convenient in my carry-on makes those 8+ hour flights not feel so bad. The battery lasts a very long time, and without backlight, I can't imagine how many weeks it can go without being turned off.My only criticism is that there is more lag than expected when opening books or switching pages, but the advantages significantly outweigh the drawbacks.
I bought this Kindle for my mom's birthday. She is in her late 70's and fears technology at the best of times. She is also a voracious reader and loves books, I mean paper books! Not digital! She lives abroad and we were meeting up overseas for her birthday. I thought I'll show her the Kindle and hope she takes to it - worse case, I'll keep it. I have another Kindle Fire and I way prefer this Kindle - lighter and clearer!  But my mom LOVES her Kindle and is so happy with it. She has absolutely taken to it and the technology has not posed any issue at all. What I love is that both kindles are on my account - so Mom just tells me what book she would like - I buy it and download it to both our Kindles and we end up reading the same book and then discussing it. She is in Africa, I am in the US - but the Kindle has shortened the distance between us! Thank you Amazon! Now I have to think about buying my own Paperwhite - cos I way prefer it to my Fire! Hmmmm.
I love books.  The paper, the smell, the feel, the solidity of them.  I didn't think I'd want a Kindle.  I decided I wouldn't get one.  Then, my birthday comes around, and lo and behold, I've been gifted a Paperwhite by my parents.  I bought a Stephen King book - 11/22/63, over 800 pages in print - and brought my Kindle with me on a five-hour flight.How quickly my opinion has changed!  There's nothing new to say about the screen, the e-ink, or the built-in lighting. All of it is fantastic.  What I want to make known is the thing that I wish I had known all along: page size influences reading fatigue.  Kindle books aren't just a scan of the book, shown page-for-page; each page has a total character limit that is significantly lower than what is normally fitted onto a print page.  In the case of 11/22/63, three to four Kindle pages equals one print page.  I found this to be extremely beneficial, and increased the length of my reading sessions.  I lost my place on the page a lot less than I do in a larger print book, and I didn't find myself flagging or feeling overwhelmed at the normal rate.  I attribute this to page size.  You really feel like you're burning through a book on a Kindle, and for me, I actually did read faster than usual.I love print books, and I'm not one to be easily overwhelmed by a book's length or by long reading sessions, but the Kindle still managed to increase my reading speed and the length of my reading sessions anyway.  Highly recommended, especially if a long book makes you wary.
I originally thought I wanted the Kindle Oasis because it was waterproof.  However, I don't go to the beach that much and hardly will take it into the pool.  This reader is amazing.  One of my pet peeves about reading on a tablet is the battery is always dyeing and it seems to always be dead when I want to read.  This Kindle does not have that problem at all.  The battery lasts weeks.  It has not been dead on me once.  The paperwhite is fantastic.  You can read it anywhere.  The font can be changed easily.  I would recommend this reader to anyone.  I did put a case on mine so I can stand it on the counter and read while eating.  It is also much lighter than a tablet and easier to carry around. I also got the one with the ads.  I figured I could save a few $$ and it would not bother me.  I was right. Especially if you are going to put in a cover. You won't even notice the ads.
I have an iPad with a kindle app, but I much prefer to read on this, because it is so much easier on my eyes.  I also love it that I can sit outside, even in the sunshine, and read without discomfort or glare.  The ipad screen disappears in the outdoor light, but the paperwhite is easy to see.  I can change the size of the font in the evening so that my tired eyes are not overworked, too.  This is my third kindle (the others work fine).  I bought the 1st gen kindle when it came out, and then the first paperwhite) and they just keep getting better.  I did like the original library format but I'm getting used to the new.  I will come back to Kindle as long as they keep making it.  I love it that I can grab this lightweight little gizmo and take my whole library with me on the road, in the air, or to the park!
March 2017Had to update my review THRILLED WITH MY PAPERWHITE.BEST way to read, HANDS DOWN!!!!!!If you read my previous review below you will see that the only "real" complaint I had was that there was no way to adjust the font to a bolder setting. I noticed while reading at night, dimming the kindle light, I had difficulty reading the text. I didn't need it larger, just bolder. Well, imagine my shock and surprise when I pulled out my Paperwhite to read a month or so ago and noticed a new font: AMAZON EMBER BOLD. My problem has been solved. With this new font I'm able to switch to it while reading in bed, keep the light level low as not to disturb my husband and keep the font size smaller, so there are more words on the page. My ego did not take to well to reading a page that looked like a first grade reader.Thank you, Kindle team! I don't know if you were responding to my request specially, nonetheless my issue was resolved very quickly. The Kindle is a joy read and own.Just recieved mine. Very happy to have it. Have a Kindle Keyboard and love it too. Unfortunately, it didn't have a light and was not feasible to use for bedtime reading. I bought the Paperwhite with the sole intention of using it at night and in bed. So far, I've been a bit bothered that I can't adjust the contrast, only brightness. I find I need darker contrast in lower light. Also, it isn't the easiest to hold in your hand while lying in bed, one your side, but these are my only complaints. It took a little time getting used to. It's format does not resemble the Keyboard's or the app, so I am having trouble finding my collections and how it interfaces with GoodReads. Overall I'm excited to have it. Looking to get a snazzy Oberon Designs cover for it and reading away!!!SUGGESTION TO KINDLE MAKERS: Add a way to adjust the contrast. As the Kindle gets brighter, the text loses the contrast. To use at night, on dimmer levels, contrast needs to be darker. Add an attached strap to the back of the Kindle, so we can slide a hand through it and hold it with one hand, left handed or right handed. (It won't fall/drop while the user falls asleep reading.)
I started with a kindle keyboard, then bought the cheaper kindle that has the tabs on the side for page turning as my second kindle. I am very much happy with those kindles that I have that I decided to reward myself by upgrading to a kindle paperwhite when it went on sale after Thanksgiving. I gave this paperwhite 3 stars because it's a bit more complicated to navigate than my basic kindle. I would love to have the tabs on the side to turn the page instead of having to swipe the screen or tap the sides. The screen is so sensitive that when I tap the sides, if my fingers happen to land on a word it brings up the dictionary instead of turn the page. I have to be careful when I am tapping that my fingers do land on a blank space or just swipe the page. I find downloading all my archived books a bit harder to navigate and locate. Also, kindle boasted of no glare compared to other tablets. This is not true because there is still a glare when the light hits it a certain way when I am reading and the kindle is sitting on a table top. I have to reposition the kindle or my chair to remove the glare on the screen. No complaints other wise with the kindle itself, but it is not very user friendly in my opinion. Too much add on and too many steps just to get my books to download from the cloud. I guess I will have to get used to it, since I promised to give my older kindle to a sister.
I used to have shelves of books taking up space in my home. Now, I can get nearly every book in one tiny device. As a bit of background, I'm a "gadget geek" but I'm not on the bleeding edge of technology as much as I used to be. My last e-reader was the Sony Reader bought in 2006. I have to say that the Paperwhite blows it away.First, it's surprisingly light. Even with an aftermarket cover it weighs about the same as an average paperback and is nearly the same size (unless you're taking about the paperback version of War & Peace.Second, the print is great, perfectly white to my eyes and the built-in night reading is a great bonus. In the past I've bought at least a half-dozen clip-on book lights for night reading and they are always odd and unwieldy. Paperwhite solves that problem.Third, even though it has a limited amount of internal memory, it's more than enough for a year's worth of books for me. Plus, Amazon Kindle books stored on the cloud are available for download at any time, so if you happen to fill up your memory, just delete some off the device and download ones you want from the cloud.The only cons are my own. Since I owned the Sony Reader, everything I have is in epub format, which is not compatible with the Paperwhite. However, I Googled for a workaround and things are fine. Even someone without extensive technical skills could figure it out, if not, you can always ask a tech-savvy friend.Until the prices drop on the Oasis, I'll enjoy the Paperwhite for a while.Also, check your local public library to see if they have an eBook program. You can borrow ebooks straight to the Paperwhite from a lot of different sources. I also like that you can "loan" any of your Kindle books to a friend -- Amazon made a wise decision allowing that. With a paper book it was a great way to share good books with your friends, and not being able to do that with an ebook reader was a major disappointment (although I found ways around that when I had my Sony Reader).So, try it out and get rid of all the extra books on your shelves that just sit there collecting dust. I understand the appeal of having shelves and shelves of books in a home for the decor and style, but getting rid of stuff that you don't read will free up space and help unclutter your home and your psyche.
I previously owned a Nook, and I swore off of e-readers after that experience. My work gave me an Amazon gift card with the stipulation that it be used for reading. Now, of course, this was on the honor system, but I went ahead and used it on the Kindle. I thought maybe Amazon had done a better job of making an e-reader that felt more like a book and less like a glare covered nightmare. And I have to say, I love this thing. I didn't want to. I'm the type of person who has every book I've ever read on a book shelf in my home, I love real books. And I still do! However, with the traveling I do for work, it is nice having the ability to take books with me on planes and not have to carry them around. I use it exclusively for travel, but it has been worth it. The battery life is phenomenal, I charge it once every month or so(if that!). And the ability to change the lighting on the screen is great. I can go from looking at the screen with no light, feeling like it's an actual book page I'm staring at, to turning up the backlight because I'm on a late night flight and want to keep reading in the dark. It could never replace an actual book to me, but it's done a great job of trying.
I really like this paper white. This is my 6th. kindle so I have a pretty good frame of reference . I usually do my reading on a pair of older version 3 reader with the keyboard. One pad upstairs by the bed and one downstairs for reading during the day. At night I'm always adjusting the reading light to hit the page plus it lights up the whole bedroom. I decided to get the Paperwhite so I could turn out the light. I also found another surprising benefit to the Paperwhite. I like to keep the bedroom cold at night, like 50 degrees cold. Sometimes while I am reading my hands get cold. The other night my hands got real cold so I pulled the covers right over my head and read in comfort. I felt like I was 6 years old again sneaking my flashlight and a comic book into the bed so I could read at night. It took me several hours to get used to the lay out and function of the new reader, at first I didn't like it at all and was disappointed that I had purchased  the reader but once I got comfortable in its operation, it won me over. I also bought the magnetic case for it which I like as well. Just open the cover and start to read, close it to stop, you're done. What could be easier?
Finally an e-reader i can read on the beach, at the pool, with sunglasses, and no glasses.Have tried Kindle reading on Kindle Fire, IPHONE, IPOD, Nexus etc all without much luck. Screens were washed out in bright sunlight, or various sunglasses (especially polarised ones, or those with red filtering)meant I couldn't see the screens. Add in my aging worsening eyesight and I thought my days of pool reading were over (without prescription sunglasses, which gets real expensive), but then along came this little reading beastie.Print big enough to scale for most aging eyesight,, great backlight for sunlight, or even dark room reading, nice and light, and not impacted by polarised lenses. So therefore, if your eyesight is getting worse, you need mild prescriptions/glasses, and etc. just buy these for all year long happy reading.Best e-reader
I truly love my Paperwhite. I read a lot so the battery needs charging more often for me but even at three hours a day on weekdays (I don't watch television) and 10 hours on the weekends I still only have to charge once every 2-3 weeks. I'm one of those readers who thought he'd have a hard time giving up actual books. At first it was hard to adapt but after only a short while the Paperwhite won my heart for a few reasons.1. It is light and I don't have to prop pages open as I'm reading ~ and there's no danger of losing my place if I drop it.2. It always turns on at the page I left off so there's no real need for bookmarks unless you have some specific reason to remember a spot.3. I can carry one actual book comfortably, usually not in my back pocket. My Kindle will fit in my back pocket and I just checked; it has 180 books on it. 180 books in my back pocket and only a few ounces!4. If I come across a word I don't know or a foreign word I just highlight it and it will define it or translate it or look it up on Wikipedia. Try that with your paperback!There's much more including the prices of Kindle books being competitive (usually less expensive) and other features worth considering too. I highly recommend the Kindle Paperwhite. I don't think you could go wrong with this purchase.
I bought this as a replacement for my previous kindle (that I had bought in 2009). I can't imagine going to the gym or traveling without my kindle. This is definitely an improvement since now it has lights (compared to my past one). I was a bit resistant to have a kindle without keyboard, but I've been happy with it anyways. People constantly ask me why a kindle and not a table such as ipad or so. I really like the fact that with kindle you don't get distracted with social networks or apps... since it's just for reading. I also like the paperwhite technology, since it doesn't hurt my eyes. I rarely use the lights (mainly for flights or for when I'm about to go to sleep and I want the lights off), so most of the time it feels like I'm reading an actual book. So there... I think kindle is way better for reading than a tablet.
2018---I had a second generation Kindle long ago---until the battery pooped out.  I saved it & the plug in charger-----which I'm glad I did---for the charger also works with this new one--a big perk!!  I have an iPad mini which I also use for reading & it has a night time mode---- a black backlight so it's not bright for night reading, which I really like. I can't see any way to have a black night background on my Kindle Paperwhite!  My husband complains it is too bright, even when I turn down the light adjustment when reading in bed....so I use my iPad mini.  That is why only 4 stars. I got another Kindle mainly for when I'm outdoors reading & riding in the car on bright days.  iPad is not good for reading with all the daytime refections! A Kindle has its place! I loved my very old one & this one should be the same--I hope! I pray the battery will last longer tho. I'm so pleased that I can have Kindle apps on all my devices!!  Makes reading such a joy!!
I really love the Kindle Paperwhite, I have a Kindle Fire which I like as well but I like the Paperwhite better. It is smaller and lighter which makes it easier to hold. I like that I can make collections and have all of the books by one author in one spot, and I love that is connects to Goodreads. I am still learning things about the device. Would I buy it again absolutely would I recommend it to a friend 100% yes. The Kindles are all great devices and great for anyone who like to read. It is so much easier traveling taking only one small device instead of 10 books. I'm not into all the technical details of a device, I like to read books so that is what I base my review on, it is great for reading. There are 100's of free and low cost books, if you belong to Amazon Prime there is the lenders library, and for a small free there in the Kindle Unlimited monthly service to also borrow books for your kindle. I have so many books from cook books to my favorite authors to authors I have never read but sound interesting. I have met new authors I would have never read because a book was free for my Kindle, you can't go to the store and get a free book.  A Kindle is a great device for any reader young or old.
I purchased this wifi Kindle Paperwhite after trading my older Kindle with 3G. I can tell you I am not missing the 3G at all. I rarely used it anyhow. I like that this kindle is smaller than my previous one. It feels more like a book now and the touch screen is very responsive. I don't miss the buttons to turn the pages, nor do I miss the physical keyboard. The touchscreen keyboard works great and I have to problems highlighting or using the dictionary etc.  The screen is very easy to read and the backlit display is nice to have for different lighting. I like I can adjust the backlight to the brightness I want. No longer do I have to use an extra light to read by. I am so happy I traded my old one in and got the extra money off to buy this one. I am not sure why I waited so long but at least I finally did it. I am completely happy with this Kindle. I also got theFintie Kindle Paperwhite SmartShell Case - The Thinnest and Lightest Leather Cover for All-New Amazon Kindle Paperwhite (Fits All versions: 2012, 2013, 2014 and 2015 New 300 PPI), Love Treefor my kindle at the same time. You should get something to protect your investment.
This unit is amazing. You can read it in the dark or in bright sunlight. It holds a charge very very well. Mine has yet to go below 90% charge level, partly because I have been trying to sync my Kindle-for-Mac and Kindle Cloud reader. Since the Kindle was plugged in to the computer for that, the battery has had lots of intervals of being charged up by my computer. Still, it seems like it loses a charge very slowly.You can bring up a definition of a word you don't know by pressing that word and holding briefly. That is really an excellent feature. No more 800-page dictionaries to muddle through.One problem I have when reading is that I can forget who a character is and then (with a real book) I have to turn pages back and often end up losing my place. I think the so-called X-Ray function will enable a quick reminder so I don't lose the momentum of the story, but I haven't needed that capability yet, so I'm not sure yet that my Kindle can take care of that for me.One problem is that you can't add your favorite fonts to the limited selection of fonts that come along with the package. It used to be fairly easy to add fonts with the Paperwhite 1, but for some reason Amazon put a stop to that in the Paperwhite 2. Rather short-sighted of Amazon, since users who are determined to get the fonts they want, are now forced to use applications which coincidentally strip away copyright protection called DRM (For Digital Rights Management). This means that users (who just want to use their favorite fonts) can now become aware that they can pirate ebooks in addition to having more fonts. Even if they weren't interested in piracy, they can become exposed to unnecessary temptation. You can group your books by type (computer books, historical fiction, etc). But unfortunately, I found it necessary to set up "collections" separately on each one of the three Kindle sources (Kindle-for-Mac, Kindle Cloud, and the Kindle unit itself). The problem is not so much a Kindle fault, but a Kindle Sync software fault. Possibly it can be done, but I couldn't figure it out myself.In spite of the negatives, I'm glad I bought my Paperwhite with its 300 ppi screen resolution. You used to have to spend more in order to get that higher resolution. The resolution was the most important factor for me, along with the reasonable price for that easy readability, I would still buy it again.
I'd been using the Kindle app on my iPad, which works fine, but going to the Kindle Paperwhite was such an upgrade. It's lighter, the batterly works longer, and the screen is so easy on the eyes. Reading in bed is such a delight.I got the Wifi version with no ads and couldn't be more pleased. In case of emergency :) I can use the hotspot on my cell.Sometimes I brush the screen with my hand and it jumps multiple pages. I still can't figure that out but other than this puzzling incident it works very well. I love how fast my Paperwhite charges and how long it lasts.I'm also trying Kindle Unlimited and am pleased with the selection so far. I really like the way it lets me return books and keep track of them, and how I can read them without a deadline.It's a dream machine.
I had the earlier Kindle Keyboard for many years and I liked it.  I didn't use it a ton, but did read several books a year on it.  The biggest drawback was the fact that the light I needed to use in low light was in the case I purchased for it.  It was o.k., but the light was more concentrated on the top half of the screen.  In holding the unit, I often accidentally hit the page turn button.So when Amazon offered me a discount to upgrade the Paperwhite, I took it.  I'm very glad I did as this is a big improvement!  To begin with, the unit is smaller because it doesn't have the keyboard.  Secondly, the screen is very bright in daylight, and has its own built-in lighting that works terrific in low light.  Also, because this is a touch screen, when I am holding the frame while reading the book, I don't accidentally turn the page any more.The unit is very responsive, and there are some improved features.  The display is very easy on the eyes and I like it a lot.  I'm still exploring so I can't articulate all of the new features, but I do know this is a big step up.I recently retired and will be going to FL this month for a month and I expect to do a lot of reading on this Kindle.  I'm very pleased I did the upgrade.I would be remiss not to mention that I also have the Kindle app on my iPad and I often do some reading on that.  But for a lot of dedicated reading, I much prefer the Kindle Paperwhite due to the better screen and lighter weight.  And you really can't read on the iPad if you are outdoors in sunlight.
Ok, at first, I've been never too keen about using a kindle for some odd reason. But I had to buy one, and I'm starting to love it. The only minor thing about it, is that it could probably break easily if you don't have a case for it. So that is the minor problem I find out if sometime were to happen. Yet, the reason why I had to buy one, beside my love for reading is that I have a major problem for my eyes well being. It's better than straining your eyes on your phone, iPhone, iPad, iPod, or any cell phone in that matter if the screen is like half the size on your phone that your reading on. The kindle will not strain your eyes as much, cause of the backlight that has, which is on this kindle devices. Which comes in handy when reading in the dark. Another minor down side is the battery drain if you put the backlight on for too long before reaching the end of the story when your like moments away of finishing it. Which is the reason why I'm still a normal book reader. But I still like it, since it give me that sense of time to read a digital book that I can't find of that physical book at the store, through Amazon store or use book store in that matter. At least that is the good news.All in all, this is great for readers that want to find books that you can find on this kindle device and it's great when you also want to carry around just one more device for on the go with hard to find books. Sorry if this sound like I'm ranting or somewhere on the line. :D still, this is good to have when reading.
I bought the Paperwhite to replace my exhausted Kindle Keyboard.  The only improvement is I do like the lighted screen.  MAJOR drawback is in advancing the pages.  I hold the reader in my left hand, and it is very awkward to advance pages.  With the Keyboard, I could just click on the frame to go back or forward with either hand.  the Paperwhite requires an awkward and often unsuccessful thumb action.  I considered paying more for theVoyage with Pagepress, but it is even smaller than the Paperwhite, and to me, the larger Keyboard is much more comfortable to hold. Smaller is not better in this case, only awkward in the hand.  Also miss the audio function on the Keyboard, as well as the key functions.  I  personally do not like  tapping and pressing on the screen.  I would love to see a Kindle version just like my old Keyboard but with the lighted screen.
I have been a Kindle PC version user for a number of years. I like the Kindle and before buying the Paperwhite, read on a tablet, phone or my PC.Now that I have the Paperwhite, I have stopped using all the other methods. I love it. Small, lightweight, compact, easy to read in day or night. It has LED lights around the outside edge that helps provide lowl ight use. I have started reading it in bed and don't have any eye strain.I have been using mine 2-3 hours a day for three weeks and have not had to charge the battery after the initial charge. I don't miss not having the cellular connection feature. I am nearly always near WIFI and if I am not I can tether it to my phone to download a new title or do a sync.The typeface, white background and led lighting makes this a very good reader.
I still remember my first kindle. I got it as a gift and despite that to be geekier than me in a group you'd usually have to have bionic parts I'd always been quite content with paper books.  I'd tell you I like the feel, and how easy it was for me to see how much more of the book I had to read.I'm now on my 3rd kindle personally and we have several of them in the house including for a child that just recently really learned to read.These are fantastic.  They don't need to be changed often, hold a ton of books, now with the paperwhite you never need to worry about lighting.  In addition to the books I get from amazon I borrow books thought our library (they do digital downloads) and it works great!If you have a traditional kindle with no backlight - Hit the buy buttonIf you've not had a kindle before and enjoy reading - hit the buy buttonYou won't be sorry.
I have used a Kindle for a while.  Admittedly, I have been using a tablet for a while because my Kindle could not be used in the dark or in darker areas.I really didn't want to update, but after playing around with the this version, I really could see that being able to read with a light would be an awesome feature to have.  First off the light is terrific and allows me to read in the dark. The second thing which is terrific is the touchscreen.  Wow, a big improvement.  Frankly, I have been using Kindles dating from the old keyboard to the less current model with the press button  for turning pages.This is an awesome device.  And I believe after a while, you get totally absorbed in reading and forget you are reading a device.  Terrific.
For the most part I am enjoying my new Paper White, but it isn't the easiest item to use.I have found that it has a rather large learning curve when it comes to some of the simplest things such as transferring books from my iPhone Kindle app to the Paper White.It's quite easy to transfer books purchased from Amazon, but not so for any others.There are quite a few other things that stump me but it would take too long to itemize here.Let's suffice to say that it does do a great job in book presentation, which is what it was designed to do, so in that respect, I do like it and enjoy it.I only wish it were easier to maneuver items internally and to add books not purchased from Amazon, plus a few other things.Having said all of that I give it a solid four stars.
After waiting for several years, but secretly wanting a kindle, I finally made the leap and could not be happier with my purchase. My wife has the last generation of kindle with the lower resolution. I did not think I would be able to tell the difference between the screens, but there is certainly a difference. I recommend purchasing the kindle with the special offers. The amount of advertisement is minimal and is actually tailored to your interests and generally helpful information.My favorite part of owning a kindle are the kindle deals available daily/monthly. I have found quite a few gems for 1-2 dollars. If you are the type of person who prefers reading the latest best sellers, I'm not sure if you will find Kindle to be worth it. Kindle book prices for recent best sellers are often more than purchasing the book used from Amazon.Another unique feature I discovered after purchase is that Amazon creates an email address for forwarding documents to your kindle. If you are a person who deals with a lot of pdfs (student, businessperson, lawyer, etc.), you can easily bcc your kindle to review these documents later. Pretty cool!Overall, very happy with the purchase!
After reading ebooks on an ipad for a few years I decided I wanted something that looked more like real paper, my eyes needed the break from the screen. I initially bought the new gen 8 Kindle (which I still own) and really liked it even though the screen is a bit darker than I anticipated, as long as you read with good lighting like you would a paperback book then it's not much of an issue. A couple of weeks after I bought the Kindle I was in Best Buy and decided to look at the Paperwhite model and I decided right away I wanted one even though I just bought the other Kindle. I ended up purchasing one locally instead of on Amazon because it was the same price and I decided I wanted it in my hand the day I decided to get it. I love this thing, I've read a few books on both the gen 8 kindle and the paperwhite and I like the paperwhite better. That's not to say there's anything really bad about the regular kindle it's just to me the lighted screen makes a nice difference. Some other reviewers have pointed out that you can see the light difference at the bottom of the screen when reading in a darker room, I too have noticed it but to be honest it doesn't bother and I don't really notice it too much unless I look at the screen from an angle so it's not an issue for me. All in all I'm very pleased with the paperwhite and highly recommend it. I would like to also point out that I also looked at the Kindle Voyage and wasn't impressed with the extra brightness of the screen or the page press sensors enough to justify the extra $80. In fact, I thought the paperwhite was faster turning pages with and at navigating back to the home screen with but that was just my impression, I also don't mind moving my thumb to touch the screen to turn pages. Since they were demo models I couldn't adjust the sensitivity of the page press sensors on the Voyage model so perhaps if I had been able to do that it would've made a significant difference, to me though I just didn't see the big deal with using them versus the touch screen so I'm sticking to my paperwhite and look forward to what will hopefully be years of great reading on it.
So far so good I love it.I have crap loads of books on it. I love the grey/yellow tones so its much easier on my eyes to read it. It doesn't strain my eyes what so ever. It doesn't run out of battery very easily so I can read for quite a while, depending on how lengthy the book is.Its smaller so my arms don't get heavy from reading it in bed. AND ...... I can read it in the sun.However,I can not make mini-folders inside of a folder which is so very unfortunate.I can not read for weeks without recharging - maybe 3 or 4 days, but not one week, let alone weeks. I also can NOT post reviews of books that I've read. I have no idea why. I can only do it on my Kindle Fire.Those are the my major gripes about it. But overall, I love it.
I just got it 2 weeks ago and I love it.With appropriate adjustment of brightness the screen indeed looks like almost white paper. This is actually very realistic, since real paper is not exactly white either.And it is not a problem to have it on high brightness, if needed, because batteries last forever (ok, very-very-very long).When device is off, it displays some static picture of different from day to day Amazon promotion at the lowest possible brightness.You can still read it with some effort, but in such inactive state it can be for many weeks without need to recharge batteries.As I can judge in my case, device hardly spent 10% of the initial power in a weeks with about 1 hour of reading daily.Font is perfect and can be easily adjusted in size. I did not try to adjust font styles yet, because I am happy with default.My library, notes and reading points get synchronized across my different devices (I have Kindle application on android device).I was able to send my converted to *.mobi format documents to this device as well.Navigation needs some time to get used to, but after the first hour of reading it stopped being a problem.Knowing that screen of this device is not a glass, I was feeling very uncomfortable to carry it with me in briefcase or pocket without a cover.I had to buy a cover.
I can't put it down! I was putting off buying one for years and years. I was ecstatic when they came out with the Kindle app for computer and android, but try as I might, these just didn't cut it alone -- the computer app chained me to my desk and reading on my phone killed battery-life and my eyes (I saw blurry for about 15 minutes after reading for about an hour on my phone). I could read on the Paperwhite for HOURS and have it not affect my eyesight one bit. I can read in the dark of night or in bright sunlight! I still don't know how they do it but I was a non-believer until I saw it for myself. NO DIFFERENT DURING THE DAY THAN READING AN ACTUAL BOOK -- it's crazy! I could never read outside (even in shade) with my phone but I could read in DIRECT SUNLIGHT with the Paperwhite! So happy!
I would give this Kindle a 10 if there were that many stars.  There have been a few very noticeable improvements from my February 2014 Paperwhite.  The new Bookerly font is a big improvement for my reading experience, and the 300 ppi makes for slightly clearer reading.I'm a big Kindle fan and carry my Kindle with me usually wherever I go.  I just open up my Kindle and I'm at the same place in my story that I was when I closed the cover to put it aside.  It's nice to have when I'm waiting in the car for a certain someone (husband) to come out of the tool store, waiting in a doctor's office, or reading off and on while the grandkids are in the public pool.  Oh, don't let me forget that I can read in a completely dark room; this comes in handy when hubby wants to sleep and I want to finish my novel before I go to sleep.  The Kindle is lightweight and fits right in my purse.  It's much easier than carrying a paperback around.
I can't believe I never gave this a chance sooner. I received my Kindle Paperwhite in the mail yesterday and I'm in LOVE with it. I needed something small, stylish and portable for both casual reading and academic purposes. As an undergrad student of Literature and History of the English language, this thing is amazing and makes a world of difference.At first I considered a Kindle Fire, and while they are certainly excellent devices, I already have a Surface and honestly needed a readily available bookshelf more than an entertainment hub.I used to be against using e-readers (the smell of books... mmm), but having all of my books immediately available, as well as not carrying around 50lbs of them in my backpack, was such an attractive thought I had to spring for it. Very easy to set up, comes with excellent features such as X-Ray and Wiki definitions that are super helpful for readers like myself. Kindle Unlimited is also a great feature. I was so impressed I read all of Call of the Wild yesterday.While there is more than one connectivity option, I went with Wi-Fi only because... wifi is everywhere, and you don't need to be connected to read what you already have. And if I don't have access to wifi but want to shop for books, I just use my iPhone mobile hotspot. Road trip ready!!!In addition I also purchased the premium leather case in royal purple and it's a very nice, quality accessory.I couldn't be happier with this purchase. If you're looking to buy one I would recommend. 10/10
Was a gift from my daughter. She thought I should be able to read in bed!  Good girl!  Anyway, I love the light so I can read in bed.  I alsolearned that my new cover had a magnet (?) in it so when I close the book the  screen  goes dark....when I open it I am at the page whereI left!  I give a lot of credit for my joy in the cover!  It will take me a while to learn more.  Not sure yet how to get to old books or how to readtwo books at the same time....how to get from one book to the other.  I am sure I shall overcome that soon.  Great idea to be ableto read in all conditions.  Thanks Kindle!
Even with airplane mode turned I still only have to charge it maybe once a week.  It is a comfortable reading display in every lighting situation. It is not a tablet so you cannot run apps on it.  I find if I am reading library books through Overdrive it is necessary to check out the book on my laptop and then send via Amazon Cloud to my Kindle Paperwhite.  It is designed for one purpose only, reading books but it fulfills that purpose exceptionally well.  After setting it up with your Amazon account, buying new books is a breeze.  It is the perfect size and weight with no fatigue even after reading for hours.  Because of the Paperwhite technology, there is no eyestrain like you get with tablets. If you are after a good E-Reader, it doesn't get any better than this. I  Highly Recommend it.
This is absolutely my favorite new thing that I have gotten this year. I had the kindle app on my iPhone for ages, but I kept starting books and then abandoning them because my eyes would get tired reading on such a small screen with the blue back light. I spend so much of my days reading things on both my computer and my phone screen. Reading on this device feels like a lovely break for my eyes, but I can still carry hundreds of books around in my purse. This year I decided to do a Goodreads reading challenge to read 100 books in 2017. Thanks to being able to finish up several half-read books that were stored in my kindle library, I am already up to 10 books for 2017 and it is only Jan 16th! It feels great to start out a year-long challenge so strong! If you are thinking of buying this for yourself or someone else, I say do it! Completely worth every penny.Kindle Paperwhite E-reader - White, 6" High-Resolution Display (300 ppi) with Built-in Light, Wi-Fi - Includes Special Offers
I just recently got my paperwhite, and I must say, I am thoroughly impressed. I do have to throw a few things out there that threw me for a loop when I got it though. But, before I go on, I must say that I LOVE my paperwhite, so don't let the next few items throw you, I just want you to be aware so you're not surprised.First, the screen is textured. I'm sure it is made to feel that way to make it feel more like paper, like you're reading a book, and, I'm sure it probably helps with the glare since it's not supposed to glare at all.Second, when flipping through pages, there is a weird flash of black background with white text that happens ever so often. I've heard (after doing research thinking maybe mine had a problem) that this is just something that comes with the e ink technology. It really isn't a big deal at all. I've pretty much gotten used to it already after just about a week of reading with it. So, that's no big deal.Third, I do not like the scrolling. The scrolling is probably the hardest thing I've had to get used to with this item. The scrolling does not scroll like other items. It's a bit older seeming technology (again, I think it comes from the e ink technology) to where it does not scroll with your finger. It's like using a PDF and you scroll up and it goes one page up or down, not as you go. This has been weird, but again, nothing too bad. Just different to get used to.So, with all that said. I still absolutely love my paperwhite. It really is an awesome little piece of technology, and well worth it if you're a reader. Now, this is basically just for reading. You can't download apps or anything with it, and it is black and white and not color. However, when you're reading, you get the benefits of reading a real book with the benefits of a mobile type device. You can carry thousands of books (if you apparently are a book hoarder) but, there really isn't a glare issue. I've read outside multiple times, in the car, or in my office next to the window with the sun covering half the page but not the other half. All scenarios are still very readable and easy on the eyes. My eyes haven't hurt after reading for hours with this. And, it does make it easier to read when it's not that bright out, or you're in a darker room. The tint is easy to turn down to where it doesn't hurt your eyes and does just fine.All in all, even with the little thing to get used to, it's an awesome product and well worth the buy if you like reading. Heck, even if you just read sometimes, I still say it would be worth it to have for trips or anywhere if you just want to pop off into a quiet area and read for a bit. It's defnitely easier than carrying around some of the bigger novels and such as well. It fits nicely in my purse or sweatshirt pockets (not quite jeans or anything like that though, it's not too small.
I purchased this reader so I could have an easier time reading in daylight.  This reader does a great job making it easy to see the print in daylight.  I am still getting used to the size.  I have always had tablets with larger screens so reading on the smaller Paperwhite is a bit of an adjustment.  But overall I like this reader.As a follow up to my earlier review, I have discovered something that disappoints me about this reader.  I use a Verizon Jetpack to connect to the internet.  Unfortunately the Paperwhite reader is not compatible with the Jetpack so I am unable to connect to download books using my Jetpack.  I contacted Amazon technical support who indicated the problem related to a channel setting Verizon uses for the Jetpack and Verizon would have to change that setting.  They are not likely to do that for one user.  So I have find other ways of downloading books.  Interestingly, my wife has a Kindle Fire and it had no problems connecting to the Jetpack.
I love it! I decided to take advantage of the holiday sale and pick this up as a Christmas gift to myself! I am so glad I did! I got the bundle which included the case and A/C plug. You can snap the kindle snugly right into the case tray and there is no risk of it falling out whatsoever. The kindle itself is awesome! During setup, it asks you if you want to link it to your Goodreads account as well. I know the original kindle does this as well I just think that the paperwhite integrates Goodreads better. What also helps is that when you add books to the list you have the option of showing the covers instead of just a written list which I found quite handy! The touch screen works well and is not overly sensitive and I love the light! All in all, I am glad I splurged and made this purchase!
I upgraded to the Paperwhite when the wifi on my plain-vanilla Kindle went kaput.Pros with the Paperwhite: better display quality, much better virtual keyboard, and the screen light is nice for reading in low-light areas. I also like that it's the same size as my old Kindle, so I didn't have to buy a new cover.Con: I miss the page-turn buttons. I was in the habit of holding the Kindle in my left hand so I could do other stuff (like hold onto a subway pole) with my right hand. I have small hands, and I find it awkward to reach across the Kindle with my left thumb to turn the page.Meh: Graphics-based home screen (I may see if I can switch to a list view); instant-on with certain covers (I was never that fussed about hitting the button to turn the old one on, and I'm still doing it now, as my old cover doesn't have the instant-on feature); integration with Goodreads, which I suppose was inevitable, but it's just not a big deal to me.Bottom line: It was worth upgrading to the Paperwhite for the crisper display and the better keyboard, but I really, really wish I had actual buttons for turning pages.
Awesome thing. It performs fast, it's compact and bright.I like its resolution in 300DPI, so basically I don't see any pixels and text is smooth.I like its backlight: I can read at night + light makes background more bright and white.It really lasts for weeks, not days, I don't bother with charging it at all.Books collections are quite convenient and useful.I was doubtful about its size (just 0.5" larger than my phone), but it's actually very convenient for reading + I can put it to my short's pocket and take it with me to the pool.There are lots of different covers for it.The minus is that it has dark areas at the page bottom. Some ppl say they are huge, mine are not, about text "page NN" boundaries. Not pleasant, but I can live with it, plus it appears only when backlight is on.Resume: One of my best gadgets purchases of the past year.
Rather than going over the features of this product, I'll detail out why this is the e-reader most people should buy.- Best feature set for the money. The Kindle Oasis and Voyage are great e-readers, but are triple and double the cost for a marginal increase in features. If you need the best of the best and can afford it, go with one of those. However, the Paperwhite has a comparable feature set for a much lower price and is an absolute joy to use.- Much better than the basic Kindle. The basic Kindle doesn't have a backlight and has half of the screen resolution. This actually makes a significant difference in emulating the feel of reading an actual book. The Paperwhite is also much more comfortable to hold and feels noticeably more solid.- Amazon's ecosystem has the most books for the best prices. Nook, Kobo, and everyone else cannot compete here.Unless you're on a budget or have a large disposable income, this is the e-reader you should get!
I decided on purchasing the Paperwhite E-reader after doing my research. I own a Kindle Fire, but was drawn to the appeal of a good device just for books, that would not further fatigue my eyes after a long day of work and endless hours of staring at the blue light of my monitor / tv / phone.The white was on back order for about 8 weeks, but I was pretty set on getting the color I wanted so no big deal. I was pleasantly surprised when it arrived 4 weeks earlier than expected. I powered it on upon arrival and navigated my way through the prompts, and was immediately disappointed because I knew something was wrong. First I couldn't connect to my account. There was also very heavy ghosting, with letters delayed and broken when typing and overlapping. I also noticed the whole screen blacking out, which through watching a tutorial online found that this is the ink refreshing and perfectly normal, however I was surprised at how little I found on this to know it WAS, in fact, normal... I thought the device was just going bezerk!I chatted customer service online and the rep was helpful. He walked me through a reset, which did not help however. Amazon, having the exceptional service and satisfaction guarantee that it does, did offer to send me a replacement as soon as possible (white was still on back order) and sent me a return slip. After I did a total factory reset to send back, I decided to give it another shot... Powered it back on, and... Viola! No ghosting and my accounts synced right up!Now that I have gotten used to the page refreshing (which I changed to refresh less often), I can say that this was a solid purchase. Good quality and feel of the product. Great lighting, and lack of glare as well. I am really looking forward to my vacation next week so I can really dig in to a good book for the first time in years!
I really like this little device. I've been using the Kindle app on my phone for several years happily enough, but the Paperwhite is a BIG improvement on that experience. My immediate reason for purchasing the Paperwhite is to be able to read my Kindle books when I'm away from electricity for extended periods (longer than a weekend). I've only had the Paperwhite about a week, but I've been reading more than usual, and I still have over 50% charge on it. The brightness goes from 0 to 24, and I've been reading at night at a level of 7 or 8 very comfortably. My eyesight has never been anything to brag about, and being over 50 hasn't helped. This device offers more than enough contrast for me to read very comfortably. I've also been reading during daylight hours with the light all the way down, which is also very comfortable.Curiously, brightness level 0 doesn't appear to be actually off, but it's so low you'd never see it except in complete darkness. It's possible I'm seeing a residual phosphorescent glow from one of the several layers of the display as a result of a recently brighter screen. I haven't cared enough about that to figure out whether the display simply glows for a while after being set to brightness level 0 or the LEDs simply have a non-zero minimum brightness while the device is in operation. UPDATE: Yep. It's just a non-zero minimum brightness. I suppose this is helpful if your Kindle's brightness is all the way down when you reach for it in the dark. This lets you (just barely) make out where the brightness control is.My only and minor gripe is the weight of the device. It's heavier than I thought it would be. But I still plan to carry it with me on multi-day, electricity-free outings. It's still lighter than the weight of a book plus the extra headlamp batteries I'd need in order to read after dark.UPDATE: My first full battery charge lasted nearly 2 weeks. Amazon's claim of "up to 6 weeks" applies to using the device 30 minutes per day at no more than brightness level 10, which is plenty for reading in the dark. I certainly averaged more than 30 minutes per day, though I did keep my brightness down to 10 or less. I also read a good bit during the day with the brightness all the way down, since there's no need for the Paperwhite's light if there's enough ambient light to read a traditional book. But I wonder who enjoys reading enough to buy a Kindle and then reads only 30 minutes per day. I think 2 weeks is a realistic expectation of battery life for this device. A very occasional reader might get the advertised 6 weeks out of it. Don't get me wrong. I'm still very pleased with the Paperwhite. I'll be using it (more than 30 minutes) every day for the foreseeable future.
My Kindle arrived two day ago and started to set it up which included assigning it to my Amazon account.  After 30 attempts with all manner of error messages, I called tech support in the Philippians. After 30 minutes one tech that was convinced that I could not enter my account number and password correctly after 16 years with Amazon.  He referred to a senior tech who identified the problem as an obsolete software version!.. After an hour of trying to download the software update he finally emailed me a link to an amazon update site.  If you don't have version 5.8.9.2 please get it.  I was unable to find out after 90 minutes why the delivered version made it impossible to assign my Amazon account number to my Kindle.  I was afraid I had purchased a $120 paperweight.Don't bother to read the Legal section on a Kindle as it is 396 pages long.  .
I finally upgraded my old, first-generation Kindle for a Kindle Paperwhite and I'm pleased with my choice. I like using the e-ink because I often get headaches and migraines that are sensitive to the light from TV and computer screens. I can read on my Kindle even when I have a headache without irritating it. The background light on the Paperwhite is adjustable so you can turn it down or off completely if you want, but I've found having it on at half to 3/4 of its full power makes for the most comfortable reading.This version has excellent, streamlined features. I do wish making notes and highlights were a little easier. I like typing notes but you can't type and read the page at the same time so you have to click back and forth. Sometimes I prefer typing them over highlighting because it helps me remember things better.I also feel the screen is a little odd in its sensitivity. Sometimes it turns pages when I'm trying to access the menu, other times it lags when scrolling through menus. But the issues are minor and overall don't affect my daily reading enough to bother me. It's much faster than the previous Kindle's physical buttons and I love having a touchscreen instead of the buttons. Because the device is slightly smaller than its predecessor, you can easily hold it one-handed and still tap to turn the page with your thumb. It's also more comfortable and feels a bit lighter for reading in bed.If you are looking to upgrade your Kindle or want to buy your first e-ink device, I highly recommend the Paperwhite. I'll have to see if any problems develop with the back lighting over the coming months, but as long as it continues to work well it is a perfect little device!
I have believed for a while that e-readers are a solution to a non-existent problem.  Getting the Kindle Paperwhite as a gift has shown me that there are advantages to electronic books.  First, it keeps your place if you fall asleep or otherwise get interrupted while reading.  Second, it has allowed me to read more books that I may not want to read again simply because I do not have to store the read book on a shelf or otherwise.  Third the prices for ebooks encourages more volume of reading due to the lower costs and the lack of space requirements for pulp books.  Fourth, reading on a tablet is not ideal since it is relatively heavy, glossy, and probably most importantly connected to potentially distracting internet media; having a device which does one thing is somewhat of a relief in this all-in-one era.
Overall, it is a lovely device and works well for reading.  I have to confess, I have struggled with the concept of giving up paper books.  I enjoy turning the pages, etc.  But, with todays hectic life and travel, ebooks are simply better in most ways.  With that said, I have tried for several years to migrate to a platform.  I didn't have much success with iBooks on my iPad or iPhone, nor the Kindle App on either device.  I honestly can't say why, but the Kindle Paperwhite is better.The main issues I have are:1)  Speed of the device with loading, menus, and searching for books, as well as the "home" screen layout are not intuitive, or fast.  A faster processor would be nice.  We are used to fast devices these days, the Kindle should not be an exception.2)  Ease of Navigation, especially in finding new reading options in the "store."  It is very likely that this is simply unfamiliarity, but I think a tutorial or even a re-vamp of how to find reading would be nice.  I will say, it isn't necessarily easy to find things in a brick and mortar bookstore as well, but at least it is easier to browse the shelves, read the covers, etc and MUCH FASTER TOO (see point 1).
Works beautifully! I love all of the special features, like how it looks up words when they are highlighted and adds them to your "vocabulary builder" to look at later. I also love that your kindle and the kindle app for your phone sync up, so if you are waiting in line and forgot your kindle, you can start back where you left off using your phone. 10/10 would recommend this product.Things to be aware of: it does say amazon on the back and some books are more expensive than the paper version.
I travel for work and had been using my phone to read books. It drains the battery and strains the eyes. The Kindle Paperwhite is perfect for reading in ALL lighting environments - bright airport, dark plane and everywhere in between. It's truly the closest experience to reading paper and it's even better because you don't have to worry about sitting under glare or under light.If you read at all, whether on the go or at home, this is truly the best eReader for the money. I think with the charger and case I spent maybe $175 and it has been worth every penny. Books I bought years ago and never finished I'm checking them off one by one because this device makes it a joy to read them. It may sound cheesy but it's actually helping me fall back in love with reading
The new Paperwhite Kindle is the PERFECT E-READER !  So light weight and the lighting is even from top to bottom.No headaches from the lighting like on IPads etc.  The print is sharp and very clear.  Super easy to use and always keeps your place when you turn it back on.  Love all the different fonts and choice of brightness of lighting.  Can read anywhere and see the screen perfectly.Very durable and glitch free.  I feel it is an unbelievable product at a price that anyone can afford.I would have trouble living day-to-day without my Kindle White E-Reader.IT IS ACTUALLY MY VERY FAVORITE COMPANION.THANK YOU AMAZON FOR ADDING SO MUCH JOY TO MY LIFE !!!
Just purchased the Paperwhite Kindle 6".  It is terrific.  It is small, light, easy to read, easy to turn pages (just hit the screen lightly).  Also has the light so you can read in the dark.  There is a feature where if you don't know the meaning of a word you can hold it and the dictionary will come up with the definition. It has an x-ray feature you can use to learn more about the author.  With Amazon Prime you are offered one free book choice a month (out of about 9 offered).  The Kindle Store has many free books to get you started.  You can read your books across all devices ipad, etc. without losing your place.  I downloaded the book on Getting to Know your Kindle.  It was free to borrow from the Kindle Store.  There were a lot of tips on how to get the most from your device (especially free books).  Every month you can borrow another Kindle book if you return the last one.  I paid $20 extra to get an ad-free Kindle.  I figured for all the years I will own this device it will be well worth it.  F.Y.I. Amazon calls these ads "Special Features".  Also ordered the Pro Case Slim Leather Folio Case.  It is multi positional.  If you don't mind the purple color go for it.  I actually like the color.
My Kindle tale of woe!.....I had a much older Kindle (I think it was the 2nd version made- before color versions existed) which still worked perfectly until last month (Jan 2018) when it was damaged because some idiot literally sat on it during a flight a flight when I was going on vacation  .  I was very sad to not have my Kindle to read on the beach while away and was out of the country so I couldn't get a new one until I returned.  I do have the Kindle app on the phone but its almost impossible to read outside due to the glare.Anyway, I said goodbye to my old Kindle and ordered the Paperwhite as soon as I got home and am very happy with my purchase.  It's probably about 25% smaller than my old Kindle due to it being touchscreen and not having a keyboard or side buttons to turn the pages) but the viewing screen is exactly the same size.  There was a short learning curving switching over to the newer model but otherwise everything is fine.  All of my books transferred and I'm happy to be reading again :-)
First of all, I want to say I love my Kindle!  I take it everywhere and I have been reading WAY more since I purchased it about 6 months ago.  I love the adjustable font sizes, the portability, ease of use - *almost* everything about it.  My 2 primary complaints are:1. It was clearly not designed with pictures, charts, graphs, or non-text displays of any kind in mind.  Yes, you can enlarge these exhibits but doing so is awkward and clunky.  I get the sense that this was an afterthought in the design process.  Much room for improvement here.2. The cost of Kindle books.  There are virtually no distribution costs, paper, ink, etc. - Kindle titles should be a FRACTION of the print equivalents, but not only are they often AS expensive, many titles are actually MORE expensive in the Kindle version.  That drives me insane.  True, many titles cost less in the Kindle version, and public domain titles (often excellent classics) can be downloaded for free - this is why I'm giving my review 4 stars instead of 3...still, Kindle titles should NEVER cost more than their print counterparts.Overall, I very much like this product and I would recommend it to anyone.  Happy reading!
I can't say enough... I purchased this amazing little gem.... and you know what I could not tell that this was refurbished.  Knock on Wood I hope that my post stands the test of time. This is amazing not like my older Kindle.  This has the Backlight!  It fits in my hand although I did get a nice cover for it ...  The Backlight is amazing !  Couple months ago I bought the New Kindle Fire 8 and yes I know that I can read on it .. but I wanted the PaperWhite also but trying to be frugal.  So when I seen that Amazon had the Certified Refurbished Kindle PaperWhite I said why not ... I want one and I have been a good girl so why not.  I look forward to the summer to read this out by the pool and not worry about the glare.  I will use my Fire 8 for Movies and some Magazine reading .. but for my this purely reading enjoyment.  This is the closest to get to reading an actual book without it being a book.  I too love actual books .. but lets face it they are hard to get rid of once read or just storing them.  Be kind to the planet and get a KindlePaperwhite ... you don't have to wait for a book... it is order and swoosh right there it is ...  Save money buy more books ! Cost of a Kindle Book is less than the actual book !  I have one small bookshelf now in my house just of some keepers.  Then I have the cloud for the rest.  I did not go with the 3G .. I hardly used that on my prior one so the cost was not worth it.  Now maybe if I lived in Alaska or remote area I would ... but because internet is almost everywhere and I download a few books at a time - there is no need for the 3G.  I kept the advertisments .. If I hate it I can remove it later.  But they don't bother me.. and they are informative.
I had two problems with this device which kept me from enjoying it (I did try it daily for a couple weeks to no avail, hoping I'd get used to it). 1) I found the interface sluggish. The pressure required to flip pages and navigate the device was inconsistent. Sometimes an accidental touch would flip a page, or alternatively require a hard finger slam. And with the delay, I couldn't always tell if a touch had been registered or not. 2) What you can do with it is so limited. I really like to customize and have control over my devices, but that's a no-go with the Kindle. It's quite locked in to Amazon. Renaming web content or PDFs you've added is quite a kerfuffle.  The clipping functions were really appealing to me but you can't really *do* anything with them, as far as I can tell. You can't even get rid of the prominent Goodreads icon on the home page--a minor issue but a emblematic of how controlled the device is.Two stars for an absolutely stunning display and a great feel in the hand.  If you are just buying books from Amazon and are typically happy accepting default settings on your devices, you will probably enjoy it.  The hardware itself is remarkable and it's certainly easy to read on.
My four star rating is after spending over two hours with technical support to get this Kindle Paperwhite to register the device.  Turns out that right out of the box the device had old firmware that needed to be updated before the device would properly register.  Until the devise is registered it Is basically a paperweight.  I can deal with having to update the firmware but it was worse than that.  After trying for an hour to register the device I decoded to have a chat with the folks on the help line.  I chose the active chat feature.  After typing back and forth the person said they could not help with the registration and they would connect me to live chat.  Long story short I went through 3 levels of support to finally get to a technician that sais I needed to update the firmware.  Since this was a known issue the first contact should have been aware.  Additionally you cannot update the firmware via Wi-Fi to the device.  You need to download the firmware update to a computer and then transfer the file by cable to the device.Two wasted hours and alot of frustration for something that should have been redy out of the box.  Come on Amazon...Once the device worked we are very happy with it.  Works great in any light.
The kindle is a magnificent device. It has opened a whole new world for me. Reading thus far has never been a huge part of my life. Mostly because printed books are so intimidating. The pages are endless and the font way to small. All of that goes away when the Kindle is in your hands. Just bump up the font size to something comfortable and eat the elephant one bite at a time.Thanks to the Kindle I have ready more books in 10 months than I have in 16 years. Who knew changing something as small as the font within a book could make all of the difference. I wonder how many other people are in the same boat as I was?I have had both the paperwhite and the basic reader. I like the paperwhite because I dont always have good light to see the screen.
Best e-reader on the market which means you won't be disappointed. Yes, there is the Kindle Voyage and Kindle Oasis, which are both great, they don't however warrant the high price. For $120 (and goes on sale often) you can't get a better deal. And of course you are directly linked to your Amazon account which means millions of new books at your fingertips. And they cost much less then paper books. I love paper books so I fought moving over to an e-reader but once I did I found out what I was missing. Now I'd never go back. And the extra space at home is so nice. Now all of my books sit on my Kindle and Amazons server.There are many pros and cons to the Paperwhite 3 and I knew them all before buying it. There were no surprises. Can it be improved on? Yes. I'll mention those in the cons.PROS:Amazingly clear print, sharper then a print bookFront lit so easy on the eyesAdjustable lightTough screen very responsiveBattery life lasts for weeksBattery easy to replace when need beSmall size so easy to carry on purse or backpackNice contoured design looks and feels goodMenus are easy to use and understandDictionary and Wikipedia added to give more informationX-ray gives you info in characters, terms & imagesWhispersync with other devices to keep reading location currentEmail enabledSocial network compatibleAbility to share book info with other kindle readersOpen another window to search the book while keeping current page.Fonts size goes from tiny to hugeNumerous font styles availableBottom left has page, location or time left in chapterHolds thousands of books or keep them in Amazon accountTakes seconds to buy a new bookAirplane mode to save battery lifeTouch screen is silent so not to wake spouseGood case available starting at just a few dollarsAuto shutoffCONS:No audio for text-to-speech or audio booksLight does not go off 100%Cost $20 extra to remove opening screenWould be nice to have a battery door instead of taking it apartNo options for buying larger screen paperwhites like 7" or 8"No BOLD fontOverall this is a great e-reader. Beats reading a paper book or off a tablet or phone.
The Paperwhite E-reader exceeds my expectations.  It was easy to set up and once done it automatically had all my information, like credit card info etc so I didn't have to enter any of that in.  It fits perfectly in my hand, the white pages are like looking at a book and you can even adjust the brightness.  It has a dictionary (just tap the word), a "go to" function, tool bars that are easy to use, bookmark and a library for storing books., just a few of the many features.  In the Kindle Unlimited I can download free books (as a Prime member) in all catagories and even magazines. I have always been an avid book reader and never imagined I would go to an E-reader, but now that I have it I can't imagine being without it. I can carry it in my pocket and read anywhere!  You have to purchase this Kindle.  It is awesome!
This is the 2nd Kindle I have as Amazon was kind enough to replace the first one that had multiple problems.  Unfortunately this one has the same problems & as time goes on, more problems appear & the problems at first mimicked the 1rst KIndle.  That included spontaneous highlighting - a few lines or the entire page.  When highlighting appears, everything freezes.  I cannot use any of the icons, cannot turn a page, cannot do anything but reboot.  When I called Amazon with problems with the 1rst one, they told me to tap the screen.  Sometimes I can avoid rebooting with that little trick but lately I have to tap quite hard to get them to disappear.  Amazon also suggested the rebooting tool which is good but who wants to reboot several times in a sitting?  Now the problems have multiplied  The page will suddenly disappear entirely, flip around to home page, store page, other pages & I must wait til it stops to see where it's landed so I can know what to do.  The font size changes spontaneously as well, again at this breakneck speed, rushing from the smallest to largest & won't let me stop it at the size I want.  Eventually it stops it's "tantrum" & I can choose a font without trouble.  Often I cannot get past the initial page as swiping does nothing.  I've figured out several remedies for this but that's the trouble - I spend more time trying to fix than I do reading.  I'm pretty sure I can't return it at this late date but what would I get in return?  Surely not another Paperwhite!  I am so disappointed.
I bought the Paperwhite only because I like to read outside and my iPad has too much glare, and can get too hot and shut down.  The Paperwhite works as advertised, being easy to read in direct sunlight.  I also really like the size and the weight.  However, I was very surprised that the display is not in color, and the flicker during page turns and the occasional flash from white background to black and back to white is annoying.  It's not bad enough to keep me from using the Kindle but, because the Kindle app for iPad is so much slicker, I feel like I'm using older technology, whether that is actually the case or not.  Other reviewers said they quickly got used to the flicker/flash and I think I will too, but the Paperwhite definitely has room for improvement.
I like very much my Kindle Paperwhite e-reader.  I picked this up on sale after using the standard Kindle e-reader for a number of years.  A lot of these things are personal, but its main advantage to me is the backlit screen which allows one to read in the dark without the need of and external light source.  (When camping, I remember reading my old Kindle with a headlamp affixed to my forehead.)  The screen resolution is higher as well, but for general text reading purposes, this does not have much importance.  There are some features which I like  better on my old kindle and therefore find the Paperwhite's rendition annoying.  I will not enumerate those here, and I am sure they primarily fall into the category of personal preference rather than absolute value.
I have the previous version of this Kindle and I loved it so much but I always found myself forgetting it next to my bed and needed one for on the go. These are small enough to fit in my purse and I often read when I'm waiting for my girls in the car rider line. I did my previous version has a brighter screen than this one. I thought of exchanging it but decided it wasn't worth the hassle so I kept it. Side by side you can only tell the difference. I got the one without ads on account that I hate ads.
My first Kindle and it's very, very nice.I ordered the Kindle Paperwhite, and the Tan cover. I think the Tan cover compliments the black Kindle. I also ordered the anti-glare screen shields. I found that the screen is already anti-glare, and didn't seem to smudge as I ran my finger across the glass, so I didn't need to put one on over the screen. At the end of the day, I do gently wipe the screen off, even though I don't see any smear or oil on the screen. I have a small, Nook E-ink (first generation), for about 5-6 years now, and there is no damage of any kind, and that doesn't have any screen cover. So, I think the Kindle will do just as good, if not, better.The brightness of the screen is variable with the adjustable light, which is nice. The background seems to be white, but I adjust my down about three notches, which seems to be right for me. By adjusting the brightness down, it makes it a little less white. The text is very sharp, and my eyes haven't got tired from reading after about three hours; hence, no eye strain.I like the other features that it comes with, such as the Oxford American Dictionary, the X-Ray feature, Page flip; and the word learning feature. I think that these features are what set it apart from other e-readers. Definitely a better buy.Thanks for your time.
This is my first Kindle and second e-reader (I had an early generation Sony reader many years ago). I just love this thing! Admittedly, I do not read as much as I would like, but I have certainly been reading more since I purchased the Kindle. The back light is great for reading at night without interrupting others who are trying to sleep, and I appreciate that there are many levels of brightness, which makes it so that I can set the perfect amount of light for practically any situation.I make good use of my local library's e-books-- and while I'm no stranger to technology, it continues to amaze and delight me each time I check a book out from my library and download it to the Kindle within moments. Amazon really got it right with that seamless process.This model is lightweight and compact. The contrast between text and background is great. The controls are relatively easy to get the hang of (especially after going through the brief tutorial), and the response time after tapping is astonishingly fast. This unit is so much better than my old e-reader that it's hard to believe they're the same type of gadget. When I bought this, I wasn't convincedI needed another piece of super-specialized technology. To be honest, I'm still not sure that I do. But the fact remains that I love this thing, and I enjoy reading on it. At the end of the day, I guess that's kind of the point, isn't it?
I was replacing my Kindle Keyboard model, so for me, it's all about the comparison. Both have the Amazon 3G network, meaning you don't have to go out to find a Wi-Fi spot. (Oh, but the cost of the 3G went up by $20)Pros: wins in the weight category, about half as heavy as the old one. It is also smaller, which is nice. I love the backlit screen and that the light level is adjustable. There are also more font choices. Options for other activities (like Kindle store) are easier to get to and use, and one day I will actually get around to trying all of them. The improvements to the "Go To" feature are great.Cons: there is no audio. Also, your book list is all pictures of the book covers. Nice in some ways (shows % read, and an icon to easily remove from device or move to a collection), but I think I like the list only style better. It also seems to have a shorter battery life than the Keyboard. Not crazy about the "offers" that show up every time you turn it on.The jury is out on the touchscreen.  Sometimes I like it, and sometimes it seems a bit jumpy. Practice will probably help me adjust to the sensitivity level of the device. Oh, and remembering to be more careful if I'm reading while eating!Overall, I like the Paperwhite, and am glad I chose it as the replacement for the terminally ill Keyboard.
I had my original Kindle for almost 10 years and was sad to see that it was no longer compatible with your new soft-ware. I bought a new Paperwhite a few weeks ago and am sadly disappointed. I don't care for the smaller size and find that my fingers creep over to the screen causing pages to flip. I've had to call customer support two times because my screen sometimes freezes. No matter where I touch the screen, nothing happens. Customer support people were wonderful, but each time I needed help, it was a long procedure of re-registering and rebooting. I liked the keyboard on my original Kindle. It was much easier to use, especially the dictionary and search component. Now when I try to look up a word, it sometimes turns the pages. Sometimes I have to turn the Kindle off in order to reconnect to the book. Frustrating when I'm in the middle of a good story. Did I get a defective Kindle? If you ever bring back my original, I will be overjoyed and waiting in line!
This is the best black and white e-reader yet. I have owned earlier Kindles and the Nook Simple Touch, but the Paperwhite is the best one to date. The one I purchased has the "ads". I am completely unaware of them, so do not waste your money on the "no ad" version for $20 more. The new font added is excellent. The online manual is clear. Most of the activities are pretty intuitive so you may not need the manual much. This is the most compact, thinnest reader I have used. The new higher resolution and 4GB of storage is a big plus. Bought an inexpensive equally light weight cover online from China.I highly recommend this reader.
As a former B&N; nook owner, I have been beyond pleased with my Kindle Paperwhite. The battery life on it is beyond amazing--I've gone at least a month without needing to charge mine (which probably means I should be using it more!). It's also lightweight and easy to use. I love that I can accompany my reading with Goodreads. Plus, it is SO easy to borrow books from my local library--with my nook I'd have to download a PDF version, upload it to Adobe reader...no. But with my Kindle it simply sends it to Amazon and it is there for me to read after a few clicks! It even saved my spot when a book I had was returned and I borrowed it again a few days later.If you're wondering whether to get the version with/without special content--put the money you would have spent on no "ads" and buy some books to stock your new Kindle. It's really just like a screensaver, and if you hate them THAT much you can always take them off at a later date.
A must everyone should have!  Before I had the Kindle, I used a tablet to read downloaded books.  Instead of using a backlight as on an LCD based tablet, the Paperwhite light comes from four edge mounted LEDs.  It's easier on the eyes and works with any lighting, inside or outside, day or night and no glare.  It also has a huge storage capacity.
I have one of the original Kindles.. I resisted purchasing a new one for a long time. Finally I succumbed!  I cannot say enough about this purchase.  More than anything, since I purchased online from Amazon, it arrived all set up and ready to go.I read the manual, touched my screen and right there was access to my 143 books.  Since I had not read a couple books that I had previously downloaded to my old Kindle.. I decided to download them In a flash they were there!  I have only adjusted the brightness of the screen; Amazon took care of everything else.  The only other thing to do was put in the password for the internet.  I am 'sold'.  I chose this one because I use my Kindle to read books and nothing else.Comments on the website mentioned battery usage on the paperwhite is better than on the Fire because of the use with videos, etc.  I am happy with my choice and would highly recommend it.  Order direct, you will be very pleased with Amazon's service.
I've only had this for a couple of weeks but I love it so far. You can adjust the size of the type, the font, the brightness, and--for most books--the ways to mark your spot. By far I prefer page numbers, but some books only give you a mysterious "locator" number, and I have no idea how you're supposed to remember it. I love that when you open your kindle, the page you were last reading comes right up. It's light and easy to maneuver, terrific for reading in bed--no need to have other lights on that might disturb your partner. There are things I don't like: often if you touch the screen accidentally, it assumes you want to look the word up and up pops a dictionary, or it assumes you want to highlight the passage and upload it to social media (is that really a popular feature??), or a host of other annoyances. I was able to turn off the social media connection, but a lot of things cannot be turned off. While it is easy to go forward or back a page, if you want to find a particular passage to read to someone, it's impossible to find unless you kept track of the page/locator number at the time. Yes, you can search, but if I'm trying to find a particular text about Churchill in a book about Churchill, well, you get the idea. I'm new to kindle, so perhaps over time I will be more oriented to "locator" or "percentage read" or "minutes left in chapter" or the other ways it marks your progress. Overall, though, this particular technology is unbeatable for traveling, sitting at restaurants, waiting in doctor offices, and walking the treadmill. Plus, you can switch among books you've stored with just a few touches of the screen, and it's a cinch to order new ones (in fact, uncomfortably so). I recommend getting a case for it because otherwise the screen is vulnerable. I am a book editor, so you might think I'm distressed over a screen instead of an actual book in hand, but I'm really not. And I love that I can buy and read 5 books without having boxes arrive at my doorstep and add to my limited shelf space. I paid extra so I wouldn't have the "special features" (aka advertising) and I'm sure that was a good decision.
Not super happy with my purchase. Before I bought the refurbished model, I did lots of research. While there were a few reviews on here and on Reddit that warned against buying a refurbished Kindle, most said that theirs were in great shape. I guess I got the not-so-great shape Kindle. While the enclosure was in flawless condition, I thought the backlight at the bottom of the display wasnt working. Come to find out that the inside of display has the left bezel pushed away from the display, so thats why the bottom of the screen looks like the backlight has gone out. Im not very happy because I was debating a brand new kindle paper white while it was $20 off... I guess I will just miss out on that deal, return this, and look at other e-readers.
This is the WORST Amazon device I've purchased! It has A LOT of spots at bottom of screen. Support staff said "IT HAPPENS WITH THIS DEVICE. IT DOESN'T AFFECT YOUR EXPERIENCE".
I've owned Kindle E-readers since the K-2.  My favorite was the Kindle keyboard and I wore it out.  It had it all...speakers, manual page turn buttons, nice screen and was reliable.  When I needed a new reader, the Voyage had just been released.  What a disappointing experience, both with the lack of quality control and CS.  For the first time in all the years of being an Amazon customer, I got a lot of pushback over returning an expensive reader with a mottled, ugly yellowish brown screen.  I didn't get a replacement e-reader and have used my Fire HDX to read.  My Fire HDX has been a workhorse but has become very cranky and ill tempered. I expect to turn it on one day and find it has died for real, rather than pretending as an attention getting maneuver.  I will mourn it as I did the death of my K4.After reading Kindle reviews and consulting family members who own both the Voyage and Paperwhite, I decided on the Paperwhite.  I'm more than pleased with my choice.  While I would love to have an e-reader that I could use for the immersion experience with my Audible books, this ereader is great until Amazon pairs up the two.The Kindle Paperwhite deserves all five stars.
This is a definite buy if you are in the market for a Kindle. The Paperwhite is the perfect size for reading one handed. While there are several e-readers and e-reader apps available, this one has the perfect screen with a nice matte finish that doesn't tire the eyes with a glare. The screen of this device with its built-in adjustable backlight functions perfectly in a dark bedroom or out in the bright texas sun. The new Bookerly font is very pleasant on the eyes and looks like the typeface you would find in a traditional printed book. The battery life is outstanding. I average about 5 days on a charge (backlight set at about 25% and reading about 2.5 hours a day). The Paperwhite is very lightweight and comfortable to hold no matter what position I happen to be in while enjoying a good book.
I just purchased the new Paperwhite to replace my wife's 7 year old Kindle keypad version that had been dropped several times and was finally having a problem turning on occasionally. The new model was quite a change but she absolutely loves it. The display is much sharper, the battery lasts a very long time, even with the built-in light, and it's a little smaller and lighter. We had shared the old Kindle but I think I'm going to have to buy my own.
This is everything I hoped for - and then some. It charged quickly - I was uploading my books and reading the very night I received this. It's now been a few days, I read daily, and although I still love the smell and feel and experience of printed books - I Know that This is going to be my preferred way to read from here on in. It's compact, lightweight, easy to bookmark, I can change lighting as day/night progresses - this does Everything I ever hoped. I made this a belated birthday gift to myself - something I have wanted quite a while - and It is Everything I ever hoped. If anyone, like me, loves to read, wants to try out different genre's without lugging a dozen different books along - THIS IS the way to go!! Absolutely love my Kindle!! The fact that seconds after I acquire a book through Amazon, it appears on my Kindle and automatically downloads - THAT is the icing on the cake!!
My original Kindle purchased years ago went to Kindle haven to rest after hard use. As a replacement I picked a Kindle Fire and there started a case of buying the whole publishing company when I only wanted to read the book. So after saying all that I purchased my new Kindle Paperwhite E-reader. All I wanted to do was turn it on read and turn it off no long start up, on book loading, no glare on the screen, and no long shut down. Well sometimes you can just get every thing you want and more. My Kindle Paperwhite combined a new Fintie SmsrtShell Case all I need to do is open the case cover make one finger swipe and I am reading my book right where I left off, shut off is completed by closing the cover and need I say no glare reading to boot. Amazon I am sure you would have told me all this if only I had asked in the first place.
Exactly what I was expecting! I bought the first generation Kindle Fire (which I still have) and now the Kindle Paperwhite.Pros: It is easy to navigate and use, light, and compact. I love the adjustable light feature.The battery life is very good; and the most important feature for me: no blue light!Cons: I only wish it would be easier to return library books. Since the Paperwhite's browser is experimental, it doesn't allow you to access your content and devices, so you have to do that through a regular browser, meaning you have to use your phone or other device to access your Amazon account and return the books you borrowed.Only time would tell if I will be as happy with it in a few years, as I am now.
I still think ebooks are WAY too expensive (especially older books),  but I have to say that this e-reader is awesome!  The battery life is amazing and the back-light support is excellent.  The e-ink display is great indoors and out for all your reading pleasure.  The _only_  place these devices suffer a little is in displaying illustrations;  I haven't found a way to zoom in or blow-up an image while reading (maybe you can, and I just haven't found it).I also love that you can use a Micro USB cable to plug the Kindle into a PC and manually copy files directly to it.  Mobi and PDF are the dominate file types supported,  where ePub is sadly lacking.  Regardless,  you can download/use Calibre for free to convert ebooks to most any format, so it's not too big a deal.
Here is my side-by-side comparison with the Kindle Voyage, which I bought before I bought a Paperwhite after leaving my Voyage on a plane.  The airline was able to return my Voyage, so now I own both.Purchased:  Jan 1, 2016 (Voyage); May 19, 2016 (Paperwhite)Price difference:  $199.99 Voyage v. 119.99 PaperwhiteSizes:  The Voyage is smaller & thinner  6.4"H x 4.5"W x 0.30"D v. the Paperwhite 6.7"H x 4.6"W x 0.36"D.I've owned and traveled with Kindles since they came out, and I've never left one on a plane until I got my Voyage.  It's noticeably smaller than the Paperwhite, so it's kind of a Houdini when it comes to sliding down into pockets.  The light-weight size is better for tucking into a purse or a travel briefcase.Weight:  The Voyage is lighter  6.3 oz v. Paperwhite 7.2 oz.So basically, the Voyage is a smaller, lighter device.Light /resolution:  The Voyage has a cool adaptive reading light that automatically adjusts to the environment.  The Paperwhite light can be adjusted to your personal preference.Userability:  Both Kindles are very user-friendly.  I went from my old-timey early gen Kindle to the Voyage, and it took a little while to figure out where the controls were.  The Paperwhite is a little more intuitive, I think.  But, both are easy to use once you start using them.Covers:  I love the flip-over, sleek cover of the Voyage.  It's just a super-neat, elegant, minimalist design.  The origami stand on the back is nice touch & very handy for setting your Kindle on an airline tray.  OTOH, I really like the color selection of the Paperwhite covers.  There are more bright colors for the Paperwhite.  The Paperwhite cover is the traditional design & opens like a book.  It will also fold back on itself if you want to hold the device with one hand.Holding a charge:  Both hold their charges for a long time, at least 4 weeks.  My Voyage was sitting in the cargo hold of Alaska airlines for about 4 weeks, and it still had most of the charge left when I got it back.  The amount of battery life in both of these devices is a big improvement over the early model Kindles.  I have not  noticed any difference in terms of how long their battery charges last.Resolution:  The same 300ppiReadability:  Both have glare-free glass.  I used my Voyage on a beach vacation and read it every day outside.  It was easy to read from early morning until late in the afternoon.  The Voyage is super-cool to read in the dark because of the auto-adjust lighting.  It gradually lowers the display brightness over time, which is easier on your eyes, and it helps diminish the effect that staring at a bright screen has on your sleep cycle.  That is a nice feature that the Voyage has over the Paperwhite.  If you read a lot at night, it's probably an important feature to consider.Price difference & value:  I think it depends on what you want.  For the $80 difference, I don't think that the Voyage has that much more to offer.  If you're looking for a slightly larger device with a bright cover (which you purchase separately), the Paperwhite is a thing of joy.  Between the two, I think it's the more intuitive device.  If you're looking for a smaller, sleeker Kindle with a more modern feel and a little more sophistication (i.e. the auto-adjust light is really great & the origami folding stand cover is super elegant), go with the Voyage.I like them both!
The back lighting design flaw is a big distraction for me. Shortly after I got the paperwhite, I noticed weird shadows at the bottom. At first I thought maybe I was seeing things, but then I googled "paperwhite LED shadows", and I found this is a well known design flaw.This is pretty disappointing that none of the major reviewers seem to note this. It is highly noticeable to me, and it seems to be common, so it's shocking that this wouldn't be noted by any of the major reviewers. I'm guessing they have to "play ball" with Amazon to be in good favor w/ the world's #1 bookseller.I'll still keep using it because I have a feeling other amazon ereaders will have a similar flaw. I mean, at least post accurate images and be up front that the technology is not perfect, and there will be shadows due to the LED lighting.I would not recommend someone buy one of these. Just get the cheaper version and use a lamp since the LED lighting is not good.
This one is a keeper, especially for the price!!!! I can read at night without getting poisoned by the dreaded BLUE LIGHT coming from my cell, ipad, etc. Although, these devices do have a night mode now. This device's screens are just plain pleasing to the eye. I have a Fire and it is a nice product to be sure but if I read late in the evening, it becomes hard to go to sleep or stay sleep again to the BL being emitted. No more issues with this now that I am using the Paperwhite - a great investment.
I bought my first Kindle reader in 2009 and have owned a total of 4 Kindle readers and 2 Kindle Fires. Needless to say, I'm a big fan. I have owned a Kindle PaperWhite since 2012 and have been thinking about upgrading to the new higher resolution Kindle for several months. Recently I made the decision to buy and I couldn't be happier. There is little I can add to the already excellent reviews. It is everything all Kindles have been; convenient to use, easy to read, and sometimes too easy to buy a book. I would like to take issue with one minor complaint from the top reviewer. In a side by side comparison with my 2012 PaperWhite, the new 2015 PaperWhite is noticeably brighter with a much lighter background. This may be due to the age of my original PaperWhite as the reviewer wasn't clear as to which earlier version he was comparing. The increased resolution was immediately apparent, even to my old eyes. The new Bookerly font is beautiful and extremely easy to read. In a real world test, I sat down last night to read and found myself reading comfortably long past when I would have tired on the original PaperWhite. Any Kindle is a wonderful reader, but if you're like me, with aging eyes and can use some extra help, the new higher resolution and font are welcome additions to an already great product.
The new Paperwhite is my third Kindle device. First, my beloved Dx, which died only when I dropped it after foolishly removing it from its hard case in a hospital waiting room. I replaced it within hours with the Fire HD, as we were several states away from home and I wanted my books back quickly. I still love my Fire but have missed the dedicated eReader.After a short poll of my very bookish friends and reading lots of reviews, I bought the 2015 Paperwhite today, along with the standard Amazon case. I was surprised by how happy I was to see the Kindle tree when I charged it the first time! It charged quickly, on the same wall charger I have for the Fire. Setup is simple and fast. I downloaded ten of my books right away.One of my biggest concerns in this electronic age is blue spectrum light at night. Given the nature of the screen, no glare, and great light adjustment, the Paperwhite appears to have addressed this without making a big deal about it. It IS a big deal. I will know more as time goes on  but it looks good so far. My eyes are dry, I wear glasses to read, and I found I was reading less on the Fire, even with the Easy Eyez app. I am very excited to be able to read as much as I like again. Yes, I still love paper books but I just unpacked 18 boxes of them! The eReader is here to stay. The new Paperwhite lets me be happy about that again! It's everything I missed from my Dx without the bulk. Hooray!!
Our old Kindle reader with a keyboard died, and this was its replacement as the keyboard style is no longer made.  But, the senior in our home who uses this absolutely HATES the touch screen because, no matter how hard they try not to touch the screen except to turn the page, several times a day the screen gets touched and they cannot then figure out how to get back to just reading the book.  Or, the screen gets touched and the type size suddenly goes from large to tiny, so they have to wait on someone to come along to fix it for them.  I have even gotten irritated at it the few times I have used it because it is so difficult to read for any length of time without touching the screen which then results in needing to figure out how to close whatever window that slight touch conjured up.  I like the old "manual" page turning buttons much, much better than this one.  Not all movement is progress, and this Kindle may be movement from the prior design, but it does not feel like progress.
After never reading on a paperwhite and reading mostly always on my phone I can't believe how easy it is to read on this thing.  I was super hesitant to spend the money on it because it does seem pretty pricey for something that is strictly a reading product but I think it's pretty sweet now that I have used it.I left a star off because it seems to me that it is a bit on the slow side when it comes to processing speed but then again years ago this would be lightning fast lol.  Also the constant adds that stay on the screen when you shut it off are annoying but I didn't think the extra money to not have them is worth it. For 120 it shouldn't have adds. My two cents.Definitely has more than enough lighting adjustments and is super light and comfortable to hold. I would definitely recommend to any steady reader for those reasons.  Makes reading a breeze. Mine came with 3 gigs of storage
I'll start by saying I'm an avid reader.  Have used many models of nooks, kindles and iPads (either owned or borrowed thru my library).  Constantly borrowing ebooks from the library, and find myself blurry-eyed many a night.Not now.  This is the reader for heavy readers.  The lighting is perfect, which is what I needed.  It's amazingly small and lightweight.If I were to complain or suggest improvements-1- I'd say that the page turning is a bit annoying.  Too often I am turning a page only to get a 'highlighted' word.2- I'd love it if it was bigger - the iPad size.3- I hate that my entire library isn't the home page.But, those 3 complaints are not holding me back- they're a trade-off for happy eyes!
I bought this during the 2016 Black Friday Sale for my wife as a Christmas gift. I also purchased a 12-month unlimited subscription for her. She has enjoyed it every day until now. All of a sudden, it has a hotspot on the screen and won't power down. It lives indoors at her bedside table so I can't imagine why it's failing.I wish it would've lasted for the 12-month subscription that was activated on Christmas Day. I spend tens of thousands of dollars on Amazon every year, have been a member since 1997, a Prime member since it was introduced, and have told countless friends and acquaintances how much I love Amazon and all its services.This is disappointing. Please produce a product that lasts longer than 9 months.
After swearing for iPad, comes my daughter with Paperwhite. I always thought of Apple supremacy but the difference is not the quality available but on how you use it. I am an avid reader and used my iPad for mainly reading. I tested it against the Paperwhite and the advantages from Paperwhite is as I think the best possible to explain it, battery time, weight, and best of all brightness. With Apple after a  hr. of reading you have to take a 5 minute break or else your eyes will get very tired and reading then becomes a chore. Reading on open daylight is almost impossible as the screen becomes incredibly dim and if by a chance you are wearing polarized eye glasses, forget it, the screen is almost blank as Apple uses some sort of polarizing and is crossed to what eyeglasses are designed. If you use non polarized glasses, no better chance of reading. Apple is also heavier and batteries last a lot less.I am convinced that Kindle showed me the "Light" on my reading and also, there is no way Apple will give 3G for free. I rest my case. Kindle is not a toy for gaming or limited computing, but a serious fully stocked Library, in a package that weights as much as a newspaper page and does it wonderfully.
This is a handy device for people who enjoy the convenience of reading on the go.  In addition, I'm old enough that it is not always easy to read print on paper, either because the font is small or the lighting is only so-so.  The Paperwhite is a good  solution for me.  The screen brightness is adjustable and the font is easy to change.  I bought the Paperwhite at a local store.  I was told that I was buying the model that does not feature ads (aka special offers) but a week later - lo and behold, ads started to pop up on the screen.  I contacted Amazon and was able to upgrade to eliminate the offers - they really could not have been more helpful.  I've owned a Nook for a number of years and the Kindle is way better - more convenient with lots of content.  I have been reading Victorian novels of late and there is a wide selection available, at little or no cost.  I am disturbed by the pricing of many newer novels; frequently an ebook costs almost as much as a hard cover edition.  Hopefully this is a trend that consumers will be able to resist.There are many reviews that talk to the device's features and specs so I won't go into that here.  Suffice it to say that I am well pleased with it, that it is as advertised with no unpleasant surprises, and that if you are interested in reading books in an ereader format, this is an excellent choice of devices.
I love the back light on it. It's not too harsh, and you can easily adjust the level of it. Which has been great for both me and my husband, because I love reading late into the night, and my lamp would make it hard for him to sleep, and now no problems at all because I can read just as easily in the dark. It's even nice how you can adjust the size of the font on books. So much to really love about the ebook. My only complaint is about how it does the collection folders. I get sent books to review a lot, and so they're not actually bought through amazon, but instead downloaded to my kindle through other means. So when I look for books they won't all show up at the same time, because any that's been downloaded go into like a separate area, even if you put them all in the same collection. It's irritating, and trying to find the books can be a bit difficult because of this. But for the average person who isn't getting sent books like that you'll probably have no problems.
The Kindle Paperwhite is the fourth Kindle I have purchased. Two for myself (this one and a Kindle Keyboard) and two as gifts for my sister (Paperwhite and Kindle Touch). I did not originally intended on getting the Paperwhite for myself but when my sister was thrilled at getting the Paperwhite as a birthday gift from me several months ago I started thinking about it. She said the lighted reader was just so much better than the un-lit Touch version. When Prime Day came along and there was a package at a great price for the Paperwhite+leather case+charger, I decided to grab it since it was such a good deal. I was planning on holiday gifting the case and charger to my sister and keeping the Kindle.Some comments say that the screen is not white enough but it seems fine to me to have it as an off-white shade. I have used the Kindle app on my iPad which I can set to have a very bright white background but I don't since it tires my eyes faster. The soft white shade seems so much more pleasant.I do miss the audio feature that the older Kindles have and I still want to hang onto my Kindle Keyboard because of that. If the Paperwhite had audio I would give it 5 stars for sure.This package I purchased only had the ads-included version available. I figured I would give it a try to see if it bothered me. Yes it did so I only lasted a day before I paid $20 to get rid of them.I have now decided to keep the Kindle cover that came with the package deal so I'll now need to get another one for my sister.
Arrived in EXCELLENT condition, just one small area on the back corner that, if you look at it with the light reflecting on it, you can see is a LITTLE worn down. I previously had a "plain" Kindle from 5-6 years ago, and sometimes it was even hard to see during the day, depending on the light. This one, even when it's not lit, is so much brighter and clearer than the old one! I see why they call it the paper white. The font is much clearer as well. The touch screen is so much better than the old system for typing and navigating the menus. But it's slightly more awkward when you're holding the Kindle with one hand and you want to turn the page, at least for a woman's hands. Also the balance of the Kindle is weird- and I'm not paying the $300 for the Kindle Oasis. I used to hold my old Kindle with my thumb on the actual screen, and now with the touch screen I can't do that so it's a little less comfortable in the hand. It's also ever-so-slightly heavier than my old one. I was surprised by how bright the light can get, and it has over 20 levels so you can definitely find the perfect one for any situation. Overall, excellent value and quality if you can't spend $300.
I don't get it, so maybe someone can explain. I have Amazon Prime and it says 2-day shipping for this product, and now I'm suddenly getting an order update about a delivery on the 24th, when I ordered on the 15th. This is Amazon's own product, so seriously, what exactly gives?My Kindle is one of my favorite possessions (I say that without even a touch of irony), and that's pretty cool when you're talking about a product at this price-point. I spend a lot of time traveling around the world, so having most of my books right there with me is simply priceless.But my old one stopped working the other day just as I reached the end of a book I was engrossed in enough to stay up all night reading. That's fine. It had a lot of years and miles on it, and the device has held up very well from some seriously hard-hitting travel conditions.I know I'm whining about first world problems, but I find it a bit irritating that I have to wait over a week to get my replacement and finish my book in this day and age, considering this is the world's largest online retailer (and the order says 2-day shipping). I can't imagine these devices are manufactured on demand...Anyhow, great product, no doubt, but unfortunately Amazon doesn't seem to be making it a priority to deliver on the other promises that come along with it.
What can I say, I love to read and the Kindle E-readers do one thing and they do that GREAT!!!! I have an iPad as well as an iPhone both with the Amazon Kindle app, I also have the app on my PCs at work and home. But I like to read anytime I have a chance and this Kindle is about the size of a paper back book and weighs less. It is very easy to hold in one hand, even with the cover and it allows you to adjust the size of the print, has a light to read at night and it just is so good for reading. The best thing is that it will hold hundreds if not thousands of books so once you download them, you don't need a connection until you want to add some more. So I can have all the books I am interested in at my finger tips and read what I feel like, maybe something technical for work or some action adventure for pleasure. And battery life is weeks and weeks, not hours !!Amazon has several different versions so you will need to read and compare which works best for you. If you don't read all the time, your tablet or cell phone might be all you need. I have an iPhone, iPad, Net Book, Laptop, and several PCs, but I am very glad I bought this Kindle for reading !!!!I bought a small messenger bag for my Kindle, phone, wallet and keys so I have it with me all the time.
I like the ease of reading overall, but I don't like the lag when trying to do simple things like highlight a passage. There is often several seconds of delay, and it will include or exclude a line that I didn't intend, which means I have to spend several more seconds trying to correct it. This seemed faster on my old Fire 7 (I think that was the model). The longer battery life is nice as well, but I'm not sure if I'll be keeping the paperwhite. There's still very slight glare if it's tilted the right way around lights, so I'm not sure the price is worth the performance of the device so far. I might be just as happy with a $50 Fire. I liked being able to download library books directly to my Fire via an app, rather than having to plug the Kindle into a computer, since the browser is so poor, it's virtually non functional. I'm torn between a 3 or 4 star rating.
I've had a Kindle for years and this is my second Paperwhite.  Not much else to say but ... I love it!  So easy to read whether inside or out in the sun.  I did get my Kindle in December 2016 and it worked great until sometime in March when it totally froze up on me and wouldn't let me do anything at all on it.  I called Kindle toll-free and talked to someone, they sent a mailing label to me through my email and I printed it off [I wish they would give you a choice on this though as I had to go somewhere else to get it printed because I don't have a printer at home!]Anyways, got the mailing label printed off, sent it and within a week and a half to two weeks, I got a new Kindle back due to the one I sent in could not be fixed.
My last Kindle reader had an issue with the backlighting. I traded my last one in on a deal Amazon offered (give money towards the purchase of a new one when the old one is returned). I am glad I decided to trade my last one in. The backlighting problem was fixed by the time this one was released.Let me explain the backlighting issue I originally had in more detail. There was uneven lighting that shone up from the bottom of the device. It looked as if there was a transparent plastic layer at the bottom that was bent and distorted that the lighting emanated through/from. This might seem like a small problem, but it looked like a flaw. It was very apparent when trying to read. It looked like someone had put the device together improperly. Not only this, but every one of the Kindles in this version looked like this (this model had a known flaw).The above was the only flaw I saw in the device to date. Now that the newer versions have fixed this imperfection, the device works flawlessly. Except for occasional hickups and lag time (delayed response) the thing works like a Glock (very reliable pistol). Even these hickups are negligible detractors since one always expects electronics devices without top-of-the-line Intel chips to take a little time loading occasionally (and since Intels run hot, I have no problem with putting up with a little lag).Long story short, it is probably the best Kindle to date, hands down. Go ahead and try it out.
My boyfriend and I have separate Amazon accounts (in case this isn't a "verified purchase" for some reason) and he just purchased this for me as a Valentine's Day present. He gave it to me early and I rushed to set it up and start reading. I have always been one of those "if I can't flip the pages, I don't want it" kind of people but I had been talking about wanting to try one out for a while now. When I set it up, I was able to connect to Goodreads which is a great way to connect with my friends who like to read and it's a great way to get book recommendations even if you don't have any friends connected. I also like that Goodreads keeps excellent track of what I have read and what I want to read and what I'm currently reading. I took advantage of the Kindle Unlimited trial and I know I'll keep it up after the trial period (30 days) is up after looking through some of the titles that are available for FREE (Kindle Unlimited is $9.99 a month). This is small enough to hold with one hand and it feels comfortable in my hand, it's very light and it doesn't strain my eyes at all. I've just taken a break from a 5 hour reading spree to write this review and my eyes don't feel tired or strained at all, which was one of the biggest issues I had with trying to read as much as I actually wanted to (my eyes would just get really tired and I'd give up and go to sleep). I also like that I can look for Kindle Unlimited books on the Amazon site and they get downloaded directly to my Kindle, it's super convienient when I'm just browsing the internet or see a recommendation elsewhere to be able to pop on my computer or phone (if I don't have my Kindle with me) and add the book to my device or my reading list. I started a new series with this and I was able to get all four books for free with Kindle Unlimited so I don't have to take a break from the series when I complete one of the books. I received this from him last night and I brought it to work with me (I work nights) and, five hours later I'm so in love with it. Looking up a word is incredibly easy and very handy. The device comes with a charge of about half and the battery has BARELY drained at all and I'm 52% of the way done with this book (it's over 400 actual pages) so you could EASILY read multiple books with this on one charge. I love that it keeps track of my personal reading time and how far along in the book I am with a percentage reading in the lower right corner. The setup was incredibly easy, connecting to multiple networks was quick and easy and overall, I'm super happy with it and not feeling like I need to have an actual book in my hand. I don't feel like I need a case for it, I feel like a case would just ruin how easy it is to hold. I love that I feel like I DON'T need a case for it, it doesn't feel fragile and doesn't look fragile. I did order a felt sleeve for it so I can slide it in the sleeve and carry it in my purse or in my car without feeling like anything will damage it in any way but I really don't think a case is necessary at all, I feel like that choice will be based solely on personal preference. Why didn't I get one sooner?!
Since I lost my power for 3 days, I had to use the charge that it came with (50%). By the time my power was restored, I read a 400 page book with the light on 10. Not only did it last the entire time, I barely dented the battery. I also purchased a fire hd 8 because I needed a new tablet and didn't want to lug my hp laptop around the house. If you are having a hard time choosing between a paperwhite 3 and hd 8, you really should get both. The hd 8 comes in handy when you want to read a digital magazine, social media or browse the web--you really want that in color.  Save the book reading for the paperwhite. I protected these investments with a fintie silicone case. The Amazon cases aren't exactly cheap--especially when you need 2 of them.
I love the idea of a backlight.  It does not hold a charge for long like my Kindle Touch, I get about 1 week of battery power & I only read at night in bed from 15-30 mins., then about 30 mins. Mon-Fri during my lunch break.Also, I am learning the different ways to go back to my list of books, etc., but it lists everything I have read with my Touch & I had deleted them from my Touch.  Tons of books again to delete & I found some don't delete - just get a check mark next to them (I'm working on this & probably will get it figured out).Also it takes longer to shut down  Then there's the real problem, the charging cord is almost 1/2 the length that the Touch has (& I read in bed so I have to change the side of the bed I sleep on to be able to continue to read while it's charging, & have to lean over the side of the bed during this time)...& of course the Touch's charger does not fit the Paperwhite, so if you buy a different Kindle they get you to pay more for accessories (at least this came with a charging cord & it fits in to my socket that I purchased for the Touch so I could charge using my light plug).But the ability to have the screen light up out weighs somewhat these inconveniences.  If my Touch background that lit up It would be my choice.  At least this small Paperwhite fits my custom made cover as it's almost the same size.UPDATE:  OOPS USED COMMENTS RATHER THAN UPDATE.  Amazon got me the Fire's charging cord & it's great-perfect length & it was free due to my contacting them & explaining it.  So rather than the quirks of it taking longer to get back & forth on things (like menu of books, etc.) I'm happy.  So changed my rating to a 5 star rather than a 4.
About my only disappointment is that I can't give it 10 stars instead of just five.For years I made fun of my wife because she thought she needed some fancy electric thing in order to read a book.  Hadn't she ever heard of real books you could hold in your hand and read? Then one day I picked up her Kindle (this was back in the days of Keyboard Kindles) and poked at the buttons with the idea of getting more ammunition to make fun of her.  After about 10 minutes I was on-line, ordering a Kindle for myself.Folks, I'm telling you: the people who say a Kindle is almost as good as a real book are wrong.  The Kindle is BETTER in any measurable respect. Imagine always being able to have dozens (hundreds if you wanted) of books at your fingertips all the time.  Imagine never losing your place in the book.  Imagine not having to try and remember, "Now where did I leave that book I was reading last night?"  Imagine being able to adjust the font size to anything from near-illegible tiny print to print so large that only one or two words fit on a line. Imagine (with the Paperwhite) being to read in bed at night and not disturb your spouse because you can adjust the display brightness from near-flashlight level down to near invisibility.  Imagine being able to touch a word on your screen with your fingertip, and have the dictionary definition of the word pop up. Imagine being able to purchase books from Amazon, many times at special prices ranging from free to just a couple of dollars, and be able to have them delivered to your Kindle in a matter of SECONDS! Imagine having Amazon keep track of all the books you have, and if you want to re-read one that you read years ago, there it is in the Amazon cloud.If Amazon wanted to increase their Kindle sales, they should offer a free 30-day trial. Very few people would ever decline to keep their Kindles after trying them out.So, yeah, I guess you could say I am a Kindle fan.
Received my kindle paperwhite as a gift for christmas in 2016. It's never been dropped. Has always had a case on it. And it has been lovingly, gently used. However, it hasn't turned on automatically when the case is opened in months. I thought it was a case problem so bought a new one - nope, new case made no difference. And it hasn't held a charge for longer than 3 hours for the last couple of months. Now, I can't get it to charge at all. And of course, because it was a gift, there wasn't warranty purchased with it. Which would be expired now anyways.As much as I loved the option of being able to read anywhere, it is pretty much a paperweight now.In reading thru the reviews for recently purchased paperwhites, I'm greatly concerned that if I buy a new one, it won't even last 3 months. I read daily. I have no cable, no tv. And no laptop that is needed to evidently update the software.  Which, by the way, I have never received a notice that an update is needed, nor any instruction on just how to go about doing that. Considering the kindle paperwhite has one job, how much updating does the software really need?I supposed I should be glad it lasted as long as it did. However, right now, I'm very frustrated. And grateful for other reviewers honest posts.  The padded, super positive posts not so much.
I have read Kindle on my iPad for years but these days I find myself using it even more as I read along with Alexa (either from the Audible equivalent or from Alexa actually "reading" the Kindle text).  So I bought this to be a dedicated companion for my Alexa reading.  It is lighter weight.  If it were paper white AND color (for illustrations), it would be perfect.  But as a tool purely for reading Kindle eBooks...it's a great value.  The refurbished "feature" is not in any way evident; it looks and works like a brand new device.  Highly recommended...
I have the Original Kindle.... without the Back Light, love it too, in Day Light.  But, this Kindle Paper White with the Back Light is not only easily read even in the Dim Lighting of the Bedroom, I can EASILY hold it and balance it with one hand and flip the pages.  The only thing I wish it could do is Surf YouTube so I could for instance, get the latest TRUTH and Opinion from the #1 Youtube Channel, the Zolna Report from Gabor Zolna.The ability to download and watch Videos, even Email would be a Super Addition.....  I can do so on my Kindle Fire Tablet 8.9" (Love That Mayday)but sitting out at Noontime on the Lounge, it becomes a challenge, especially with Sun Glasses on.... Not so with the Paper White.  This was recommended to me on a Youtube Commercial and Amazon's Site.  I'm using a Case I had left over from the Kindle 7" Fire.  It encloses the Paper White for protection although it is NOT form fitting.  Each Kindle Model has slightly different dimensions and thicknesses.  This case encloses easily over the Paper White for Travel Protection and At Home when not in use.
Upon powering up my new Kindle, my first reactions were negative.  Being accustomed to my old, non-touch, Kindle, I found the new home screen and menus frustrating.  I poked around for a while before figuring out how to get a more familiar list view instead of those ugly "folders."  I liked the built-in lighting but hated everything else.  I put it down and decided to return it the next day.The next morning, I forced myself to try and just READ on my new device and ignore the interface for a while.  I started thinking, "Oh, that's cool.  I like that.  Oh, that makes sense, I guess."Fast-forward one week and I love my new Kindle! I got used to the menus and touch screen.  And the lighting (the main reason I got it) is all that.  My tired eyes are much happier reading now, whether or not I'm right under the brightest lamp in the house!  The higher resolution is appreciated too.  I hope the battery life isn't affected by the lights- LEDs don't use much, I know.  We will see.But overall, I'm glad I upgraded.
I've had this for a week now and I absolutely love it. I wanted a to the point, simple, e-reader that I could use on the train during my daily commute and go to and from where ever on the subway. I love reading and I love books but I'm at the point where my bookshelf is full and I live in a small room in a small apartment that I share with two other people...I'm running out of book space! Naturally my solution was to buy a Kindle (and of course to make more trips to the library but oh look I can even borrow eBooks and read them on my Kindle!!). Since I have never owned or extensively used any kind of e-reader I of course had my worries about having problems with becoming immersed in the books I was reading. I haven't had an issue at all getting into my reading head space while using my Kindle at all. As a matter of fact I really didn't have an adjustment period at all. The texture of the screen and quality of the "print" has made my reading experiences pleasant and I have yet to experience any eye strain or headaches from reading from this device. I did have to get use to the occasional sort of flashing that occurs whenever the screen has to render images in books or while browsing the content library but it doesn't bother me personally.It's very easy to use and to navigate the content of books and I love how easy note taking and highlighting is on this device. I especially love the built in dictionary and being able to look up unfamiliar words and have them saved in the "Vocabulary Builder" so I can look back on those words at a later time. The flashcard feature of the Vocabulary Builder sticks out as something that I'm sure is very useful to students and those who really want to focus on retaining new words. Very clever and a great tool for readers of all ages.The Amazon Kindle library is very vast and full of great deals as well! I love the cheaper prices and the free classics. There are also many great authors out there who only publish eBooks and I'm excited to discover new titles by authors I otherwise never would have come across. I find it fairly easy to browse through the library. I find it simple and easy to navigate both from my laptop/smart phone and on my kindle itself. Speaking of which I enjoy how easy it is to purchase and download books. enjoy that no matter what device I use to buy titles, as soon as my Kindle is connected to the internet the title will be on my device! I did have to get use to the slight delay when using the keyboard on the Kindle when searching for things which is my only complaint about the device itself and when it comes to searching for titles.The battery life has been amazing so far. The day it arrived I plugged it in just to get it to full power and I haven't had to charge it yet! I'm so use to having to plug things in after a few hours of barely using them (my iPhone *sigh*) so this was definitely a relief. I've been using my Kindle a minimum of an hour almost daily since I got it a week ago and it's still got over 50% of its battery left!I separately bought a case to go with it right away because with my clumsy nature I'm sure I would have had to replace it in a month...Not sure how much Kindles can endure and I don't plan on putting it to the test! I look forward to using my Kindle a lot in the future and I'm sure I'm going to be spending a lot more money on books since I have it...It gets easy to go a little crazy when buying from what's available. Especially if you have one click purchase set up. Well played Amazon...well played.EDITOh my goodness I totally forgot to point out one of my favorite features! You can easily access and connect your downloaded titles to a Goodreads account if you have one (and if you don't and you love reading I recommend that you create one and spend a little time on it!). It makes it easy to look at reviews and see/buy recommended titles from your Goodreads account!
I bought the Kindle Paperwhite to replace my basic Kindle because I got tired of using a book light. The Paperwhite is everything it's advertised to be and I love it. The light doesn't bother my eyes or disrupt other people in the room when I'm reading. The brightness is easily adjustable. Some have commented that the page refresh bothers them but once I start reading I don't even notice it, and you can change the frequency of the page refresh if it bothers you. The page on the Paperwhite is very white, and I bought the black framed kindle which may make it appear even whiter. The type is solid black and the edges are crisp and clean. I bought this on Prime Days so I did pay less than the normal $119.00 advertised price. That being said, if I had missed Prime Days I would have purchased it at the $119.00. I think it's priced really well for the product you get. I would definitely buy this as a gift and will recommend it to a friend.
I finally replaced a 1st generation Kindle. It worked, so why replace it. This device was better than I expected. After reading reviews where adaptive lighting frustrated some users, I settled on the Paperwhite. I have personally found a light setting of seven works well for me and doesn't require changing for different light settings; and quite frankly I think adaptive lighting would be a distraction. Turning of pages works easily enough and finding and navigating the menu are simple. So far I am two weeks in and have only used about 25% of the battery. This Kindle doesn't have the 3G or any of the frills from the Fire or higher end Kindle devices, but I find this to be simple and does what I like about the Kindle; provides an e-ink reader.Even with the light, I find this device better to read on in the dark than my iPhone. I have also had Kindle Reader on some Samsung devices and still prefer the e-ink. This seems to have helped me sleep better since I am not staring at a glowing screen right before bed. The short for me is that as an eReader, this device works great. If you are looking for something with more functionality than just an e-ink/eReader, you may want to consider the Fire or other tablet device.
I got this for a Christmas gift.  I really love it, especially the back lighting.  I am currently in the learning curve from old Kindle.  I am disappointed that all my "collections" did not come through on the new Paperwhite.  I did find a way to set these back up, but it is a little tedious.  Otherwise, ease of you is pretty good and it is very lightweight.  I was surprised it did not come with a power cord...seems to me that should not be an "add on".Bottom line:  lightweight, backlighting is super & easy to adjust; all my old books are available.  I would recommend this product.Be sure to get a cover to protect the devise.  I got a great one that powers up the device when you open it.  Works great.  Enjoy!
I just replaced my original kindle which is still working with no problems, BUT I love the light on this new kindle so I can read at night and not disturb my husband next to me.  Getting used to the touch screen to turn the pages. I think I preferred the buttons on the side like my original kindle had.  I love that you can make the font bigger which I need so that I don't have to have my reading glasses, BUT I wish you could change the font on the front page list of books, because it's so tiny I can't see it and you can't change the font for that page.
I was almost dissuaded by the reviews. Boy, there are some picky, picky peeps writing reviews! Here's my take: 1) The ads - geeze, the ads show as a dim kind of screen wallpapper WHEN THE DEVICE IS TURNED OFF! Turn it on, swipe the screen and they're gone. Get over it.  2) The little round shadows at the bottom of the screen - yes, they are noticeable. But mostly a peripheral vision thing (harder to see if you look directly at them). Minor for me.  3) Screen flashes black on page turns - yeah? So?  4) Battery Life - after my first book (500+ pages), the charge looked to be about 20%. I plugged it in overnight. Now for the good stuff: Once you do the easy link up to your Amazon account, ordering and downloading books is breathtakingly simple!  The reading experience was a very pleasant surprise.  The default page size is comparable to a paperback. The light level is fully adjustable and the device is very light. For something that will pay for itself after 5 or 6 book purchases, it's a no-brainer!
I have been reading a few mobi eBooks that I had to convert from my extensive collection of ePub and PDF library and find that the Kindle Paperwhite is especially suited for books that are primarily if not entirely print (sans pictures).  It was nice to be able to read in direct sunlight without the glare that I've endured with my iPad.  Three items of contention again the Kindle are the following:1) The processor or the software seems sluggish, i.e., if one types in their password, the Kindle cannot keep up with a fast input.2) Amazon, no surprise here, seems adamant to be your source of mobi eBooks that I already posses. I transfer mobi files from my computer (whilst connected to the Kindle) to the Kindle documents folder; the Kindle prompt states that I must disconnect.3) I paid for the Kindle Paperwhite free 3G + Wi-Fi and No Special Offers.  I may be daft, but I haven't found anything that would indicate that I have free 3G, just Wi-Fi.I'm satisfied with this eBook Reader for the most part, I just would like to confirm that I received what I payed for (free 3G), and I'm concerned about metadata harvesting which is apparent.
I do wish I could use a button to turn the page, instead of having to touch the screen, but that's just me, I think, and it's not going to kill me to clean the screen now and then. (I just don't like fingerprints, even on the edge.) This is my first Kindle - I had two Nooks before - and although it's smaller than my last Nook (which died), it works very well. It's lightweight and the battery charge really does last a long time. For me, it's lasted over a month (though I have not had as much chance to read as I'd like). That's important to me, because I take it "dry camping," where I can't plug it in, and it's good to know I'm going to be able to read for a while before we turn in, even if we're out there for a few days.
The Kindle Paperwhite is excellent.  I received it in 2 days after I ordered it. It came ready to use.  A user's guide is already in the Kindle.  I ordered several books on Amazon and those books instantly appeared on the Kindle.  I also logged onto my local public library website and borrow a couple of books available in Kindle format. It's easy to use and has great resolution.  I dimmed the paper light a little for my comfort.  I've lost a couple of nights of sleep because I was reading in the dark through the nights while everyone's asleep.
Love the kindle readers but only gave it 4 starts because sometimes you want a break from reading or want to listen to music while reading this doesn't do it  Everyword was so popular and loved it on my kindle keyboard somebody in Amazon world should get some apps on this thing.  Would be much better.Is a very easy to carry device that doesn't take up much room at all.  I have a swees (I love their products)  case on my just for that little bit of extra protection and it doesn't really add any extra weight to it. I also bought a decalgal skin for it so if I take it out of the case it keeps it from getting scratches. I bought mine without the 3G because if you have your books loaded up you really don't need it and just about any place you go now a days you can catch a wi-fi signal for anything that you didn't load.  For the price it was well worth it.  I had my Kindle keyboard since it first came out and it finally bit the dust so that's why I bought a new one.  I would recommend the Paperwhite for anyone looking for a great compact reading device.
Let me preface this by saying that I have a forty-year history with microprocessor hardware and I'm hard to please. There aren't many perfect devices in the modern world, but the Paperwhite is one of them, and over the years it's become even more attractive as the price has been cut almost in half. I had my first one for four years, it died when I dropped it (no blame), and I replaced it instantly. There are fancier Kindles, but I find no reason to spend more; there are less fancy ones, but they don't offer the Paperwhite's spectacular contrast. If Amazon had more  than five stars, this would get them.
Wasn't sure what to really expect, as the only Kindle experience I have had is the first generation Fire tablet. I loved that tablet. I still love that tablet. However, it is finally starting to show its age, and likes to randomly shut down on me, refuse to open my books, sometimes delete my books...it's gotten a little tired. With Prime Day having some really good deals on new E-Book readers, I decided to take advantage of the sales and try something new. I went with the Kindle Paperwhite, and although I'm not really sure how to work the thing confidently at the moment, I really do enjoy it. The screen is (obviously) very different from a Fire as it is in black and white, but after reading on it for about 10 minutes, I didn't pay much attention to the difference from screen to screen. It's LIGHT! Really light! I am really enjoying the weight quite a bit, especially when reading on my back in bed. With my previous reader, my arms would get a little tired after a while. While eventually I turned it off and took a break, I got a much longer reading session than I have previously, which I am happy about.The size is the only other thing I'm not used to (yet). My Fire was 8", and this is 6". It doesn't (to me) seem like it would be that different, but it really is. Not a deal breaker at all, but if you're going from a bigger tablet/E-Reader to this one, it may seem a little odd at first. However, the more I use it, the more I enjoy the Paperwhite.I haven't had any of the other Kindle-Only E-Readers, where their only function is to read books (opposed to email, apps, etc), so I can't compare this Kindle to any other, but my brief experience with this version has been very positive. While I paid quite a bit less for this during Prime Day, I would have paid full price. Light, bright, and enjoyable.
I finally bought one after seeing my relative using it.  I like it because now I know where my books are and for most books I get to read a sample chapter before buying a copy online.  I also have access to old  purchases I forgot about.  I bought one book on amazon the paper version, but somehow because I bought it I  have an access to the digital version too.  I still would like to buy paper versions of books too.  One thing I am not sure about -- I also read in Japanese, but I don't think I have access to things available on Japanese Amazon, unless the American Amazon also has them.  In other words, I use the American Amazon account and I think I have access to things available on  Amazon.com.  For things available only on Amazon.co.jp, I am not sure.
THE CLAIM:It will last for up to 6 weeks reading 30 min a day at light setting at 10 with wi-fi off.  That would be 21 hours of reading.  Great ambitions BUT..NEGATIVES:"An update after using it for a while: Under the tab to the right of ALL ITEMS, I would love to have more options in addition to sort by -Recent, Title, Author, such as READ, READING, WANT TO READ - I have hard time sorting thru my books and finding what I currently read.  I read several at a time.  I know I can go to TITLE but than I must remember all I read if I did not go to a book for a while."Otherwise I am pretty happy with my Kindle.- my battery lasts about 10 hours: yes I read longer than 30 min; always with wi-fi off.  I turn it on very rarely for mostly 5 min just to give it a chance to download new books.  I still think that my battery life being only 47% of Amazon claim is bad.  Regardless how I use my reader this difference should not be bigger than about 20% for various users.  Another words, Amazon should set it's clam at max 12-15 hours of battery life not 21 hours.- there is no way to read it in any INDOOR  natural or unnatural light set at only 10 (in sunlight it can be set to MIN) .  The contrast between the screen background and letters is not good enough to read with light set up at 10.  Background is too dark, too grey.  I never go below 15 and that is only at night.  I have good eyesight and do not use glasses.During daytime when indoors, I have to go to max to read comfortably.  If the screen was white, I would not need it at MAX. Outdoor in a park on a sunny day I can turn light to MIN.- minor dislikes but not a problem with kindle itself -  I hate to see the books advertisement as a screensaver (when kindle is not in use) and the strip under my book titles.  I paid for my kindle, it is mine, bug off.  Amazon, please give up any control of my equipment.POSITIVES:- the way I use it - no wi-fi, light set between 15 to MAX,  it does last about 10 hours  - enough to be on a long flight and enjoy a book.- when wi-fi is good - it uploads books fast.  I have major problem only once at the airport.- it is light and comfortable to hold in one hand.I would like to see lighter screen color in the next version so I can actually use less back light.  I think the less back light, the better for eyes and more comfortable reading.This is my first Kindle so I cannot compare it to others.
I despise the interface on this device. I use the Kindle to replace a book:  when I turn it on, it should open at the page I was reading.  When I want to find a book, I want to go to my collections which do not change.  The library system and blurry and intrusive reading lists, difficulty adding to collections and upload download from somewhere ruins my reading experience.  What I wanted was an upgrade of my old Kindle which acted more like a book; a longer lasting battery, brighter display. What I got was a system which insinuates itself so that I am clicking and pushing on the device rather than enjoying the content I purchased.
Perfect for "reading a lot". I loaded my 1st book from my library on it, which was a wonderful experience. I have been reading on the original Kindle Keyboard since it came out years ago (yes mine still works just fine). It has the cover w/the built in light which stills works great. I decided I needed a perk & bought the backlit Kindle Paperwhite for myself as my 88-year old father loves his that he's had for several years. And with weather being bad & power out for days, the paperwhite didn't need lights/power for a while if one keeps it powered up properly. Kindle has been the best invention for me & my family for too many reasons to list! I have 5 Kindles; they all work great; I use each one for different circumstances. The ability to change the font to a huge size for my elderly father to read was a blessing. He no longer can read regular books, but he can read his Kindle any time night or day which makes us all happy.
Overall I have enjoyed my Kindle. Before I read all my Kindle books on my phone, and the brightness of the screen was distracting, especially at night. The softer backlight of the Kindle makes things very easy.Issues:1. There are times when the Kindle tends to "lock up" and I have to re-boot. It's more annoying than anything else, but I would not expect current electronics to require that much resetting.2. For some unknown reason, sometimes I get the %complete number on the page bottom, and other times not.3. I have difficulty handling my Kindle books I have downloaded before. I have a collection called "Books Read". I have a hard time marking a book from my Kindle into that collection.4. I cannot get a complete list of books in my account to the Kindle.5. Instruction book is a bit hard to understand.To me, these are really just annoyances, and only knock down the Kindle by one star. Mostly, I am *very* pleased with my Kindle; I think it was an excellent value for the money.
I was worried this would be a waste of money because I don't read a lot, but I actually find it helps me read more. It's so easy to find books I want to read and it's so lightweight, I can use it with just one hand. I love having my whole library on one little device that I can take anywhere. The battery lasts a really long time.The screen is easy to read. The only negative about this product is that it's not as dim in the dark as I would like. It still casts quite a bit of glow around the room even on one of the lowest settings.
I have had a 3G Kindle with the Keyboard for several years and had never had any issues with that beyond those inherent with a book: no light = no reading. I was skeptical of the Paperwhite thinking it to be a gimmick.Boy was I wrong.My girlfriend had one and, after reading three  pages on hers, I promptly ordered one myself. Absolutely worth the upgrade.Pros:Almost flawlessReadable in all light conditionsBattery is long lastingNon-slip back is niceReads just like a book; doesn't hurt your eyesCons (barely):Not as responsive as a Tablet. E-Paper is inherently laggy, though this is an incredible improvement over previous model. It really a con just something to be aware of.Not weatherproof or dust proof -I wouldn't read a book in the rain so I'm not concerned about the former, but people love reading on the beach. Seemed like an obvious miss to me. I spend a lot of time worrying about getting sand in it.Charges fast but feels like it takes longer than it should. Probably because my Note 4 has "Fast Charging" and I'm comparing apples to oranges. But hey, Prime shipping did the same to every other order I've placed since I've had it.
I am pleasantly surprised that I like it.  I've used the Kindle apps on computer, iPhone and iPad...and thought I might not like the actual Kindle reader.  It's a great size for reading...handles a bit differently from the app, but nothing difficult at all.  I think I am pleasantly surprised and once I get to using it more, may actually prefer it.  I recently gave up my original iPad Mini and traded it for the iPad Air.  The Air is bigger and not as manageable size as the mini - thus I am enjoying the Kindle reader.
I had a kindle keyboard for a long time, but found the form factor strange. There was no comfortable way to hold it for me. I got a deal on a Kobo Mini and really liked the size and the ability to purchase ebooks through my local bookstore. I upgraded to a Kobo Aura HD and thought I thought I'd bought my final ereader - until it broke before I had it for a year (pages started turning themselves). Kobo customer service was not helpful. I really didn't want to buy a kindle because I didn't like the ad support: don't you make enough money on just a few ebook purchases to get rid of the ads? Regardless, compared to the Kobo Aura HD, it's more comfortable to hold, and seems faster. Resolution is almost identical, but a step up from older ereaders. One thing I miss was the ability to adjust the backlight by sliding my finger. Also, I wish that my local bookstore got a kickback for the ebook purchases I make. Library support for both devices is good, but amazon's doesn't require a quick USB sync. I miss direct Pocket support as well, but there are free services that remedy that. Also, there's ads on the screen, but the price would have been the same as the Aura HD for the AD free version.
What's not to like?  Great product!Pros:a)Works in daylight and at night.b)Great battery life.c)Built like a tank.  Seems to be safe to place in a backpack or luggage.  (Based on Internet disassembly videos, it has a magnesium frame.)d)Although I haven't tried it, it appears that in a few years the battery could be easily replaced by the user.  In an era of glued-together products, the bezel seems to snap off and the rest of the disassembly would be with screws (no heat guns, bags of hot water, etc. to try to loosen glue).  Amazon of course won't recommend user disassembly, but if you are very frugal it appears you could keep the device going for a long time by replacing the battery.e)Great value for the money.  You get a LOT for $100 to $120.f)The "experimental" web browser works fairly well.  (I was able to examine still photos from my home pet camera.  Haven't tried viewing e-mail.)g)The search feature works well (so you can find books when you have dozens on the device).h)More than adequate storage for books.Cons:a)Relatively small screen.  (But this is also a pro--the device is compact and easy put in a coat pocket.)
My 7-year old son is finally blossoming into an avid reader. To encourage and celebrate, I decided to purchase a Kindle e-reader.I looked at all 3 models at a nearby electronics store:Kindle, 6" Glare-Free Touchscreen Display, Wi-Fi - Includes Special Offers,Kindle Paperwhite, 6" High-Resolution Display (300 ppi) with Built-in Light, Wi-Fi - Includes Special Offers, andKindle Voyage, 6" High-Resolution Display (300 ppi) with Adaptive Built-in Light, PagePress Sensors, Wi-Fi - Includes Special Offers. For the sake of simplicity I will call them Kindle, Paperwhite, and Voyage, respectively.DESIGN:All 3 models are roughly equivalent in size and weight, except for thickness. Voyage is thinnest at 7.6mm (same as iPhone 5s), then Paperwhite at 9.1mm (similar to iPhone 4S), then Kindle at 10.2mm. Voyage is about an ounce lighter than Paperwhite and half an ounce lighter than Kindle, but my hands couldn't tell significant difference. Due to good weight distribution, all 3 felt lighter than my iPhone 6s Plus (which has much lighter weight).Aside from thickness, Kindle and Paperwhite had very similar front design and plastic chassis. Paperwhite has rounded back profile with grippier texture whereas Kindle is blockier, beveled back profile. As a result, Paperwhite feels smaller and easier to hold. Both felt solid and not at all cheap looking as I had feared. Voyage felt more spiffy with sleek magnesium back and etched glass screen that's flush with the bezel (instead of recessed on cheaper siblings), more satisfying sleep/wake button on the back, and physical page flip on left and right margins."Clicking" on the left and right margins of Voyage responds with a haptic response, which felt better than nothing, but I kept clicking it accidentally. I later discovered that pressure can be adjusted in settings and after adjusting it a bit, it seemed to be much less error prone.All in all, Voyage gets my vote for design and comfort, but Kindle and Paperwhite are not as significantly behind as I thought.SCREEN:Both Paperwhite and Voyage boosts higher resolution display (300 pixels per inch), but to my eyes (albeit aging ones), lower resolution screen didn't look appreciably worse. Voyage and Paperwhite's screens have better contrast with blacker text. But if don't need backlighting, you can save 50% by getting Kindle.Having said that, built-in backlighting on Paperwhite and Voyage is extremely useful. Voyage goes a bit further with ambient sensor that automatically adjusts brightness. On Paperwhite, you must set the brightness manually, which is immediately accessible by tapping on the top area of the screen. Voyage's backlight is more evenly lit, especially along the edges.OTHERS:From what I can tell, all 3 are equivalent when it comes to speed. I clicked through for few minutes and couldn't tell any difference. FYI, Paperwhite and Voyage have 512MB RAM whereas Kindle has 256MB (I am guessing much of the difference is needed for higher resolution screen). All 3 have identical storage space (4GB), Wi-Fi (2.4GHz 802.11n), and software (even the cheapest model gets new Bookerly font). Paperwhite and Voyage's battery life is rated 2 weeks longer than Kindle's 4 week rating, even with backlighting turned on.NITPICKS:Coming from iPad, I find Kindle user interface to be mostly a miss rather than a hit. Book management is confusing and difficult to navigate through. In the end, I created a bunch of collections to make the process somewhat manageable, but it is extremely tedious to add books to collection.Due to limitation of e-ink technology, UI is often laggy and often unpleasant to use. I would greatly appreciate more complete web-based customization and storage management.While flipping page wasn't as laggy as I had feared, lack of haptic feedback on Kindle and Paperwhite makes the experience unpleasant. All in all, UI is certainly quite serviceable once you have everything all setup. But it's nothing to write home about.I have a large selection of ePub books (e.g., Pottersmore books that I purchased awhile back) and I had to use Calibre 3rd party application to convert them to AZW3 format and transfer to Paperwhite. In the future, I would greatly appreciate native ePub support.And finally, removing Special Contents simply replaces ads for wallpapers that cannot be changed. I would've preferred last page instead (especially since e-ink is not prone to burn in) or turn the display off altogether.A VERIDCT:Paperwhite costs 50% more than Kindle but offers backlighting, higher resolution screen with better contrast, and thinner profile. My family reads a lot at night, so not having a backlighting is not even an option. As for Voyage, as much as I like its flush screen and dedicated page flip margins, it simply isn't worth 66% price premium. Hopefully, Amazon will update Voyage in the near future to make it more compelling and clear flagship product in its lineup.
I've had the Kindle App on my phone for a few years, but kept eyeing the Paperwhite.  My husband bought it for me for Mother's Day, and it's as good as advertised.  The screen is readable in light or dark surroundings, and the display really does have great visibility with very limited amounts of light shining out into the room.  The size is convenient, and the device itself is pretty sturdy.  I love that I can choose the screen orientation and it will stay that way no matter if I change how I'm holding it.  The note-taking and X-ray options are nice on a larger screen as well.  Thanks, Amazon!
My husband gifted me the Kindle Paperwhite for my birthday. He knows my passion for books and thought a kindle would be a great addition to my days. He was SO right about it! I love this kindle! It is a lot lighter than most books - I barely feel like I am holding it while reading, battery lasts FOREVER, and it does hold tons of books in the internal memory. The backlight is really helpful at night but you can turn it off and you have the regular Kindle on your hands! The package comes only with the USB charger so you will want to buy a cube or charge it from your computer USB slot - since my phone has a USB cube, I charge it there. I bought a very inexpensive Kindle case off Amazon (roughly $16) and it protects my Kindle just fine! I suggest buying a screen protector soon since it's possible you will leave finger smudges on screen/plastic area of the kindle. We also bought the insurance protection for 2 years - I usually decline this kind of stuff but as we read some reviews complaining about the product we felt that in the long run we could use it. So far, I have not had any problems at all with my device!We bought it with the special offer in order to save a couple of bucks. I have to tell you that the special offers don't bother me at all! Actually, I get offers of books that are being read everywhere now at discounted prices or even Kindle accessories. Special offers have been helpful and informative to me. I know that Amazon customer service will remove them if you pay the fee (some customers said that they were lucky because Amazon did not charge them at all!) but I will leave the offers for now.There is only one downer of the kindle: sometimes (not always) it can be a bit slow. Now that we are used to tablets, phones, computers that work at incredible speeds we definitely feel if a device is acting a bit slower than what we are used to. Nothing that kills me and taking into account the type of technology we are buying with this device I should not even list this here but I thought it would be helpful for new owners to take this into account. I believe this is the trade-off so you don't have to use another type of tablet/phone.I love the software features that Kindles come with: the vocabulary builder is essencial to me since English is my second language and there are always new words no matter what book I am reading. Notes, highlights, and even X-ray feature for some books!Instead of taking books in my next trips, the Kindle will be my best friend. I cannot recommend a better e-reader!
This is the second paperwhite I have ordered.  The first went back because the only wireless network it could manage to see was an extension network run by a Cisco wireless router for one room of our house - behind a brick wall.  So - not useful.  For an unknown reason it failed to find the main wireless networks, either the 5.0 Ghz or 2.4 Ghz that every other device had no issues with.I returned the first one.  I eventually ordered this one, figuring I could use Calibre to manage it if nothing else and the battery life would make it worth the hassle.  I like reading on the eInk screens...  Much better than tablets.  The second unit could see the networks the other one failed to see at all.  There seems to be some variety in the wireless hardware, and there certainly is in its function - if yours doesn't see a wireless network every other device can, send it back, but replace it - the next paperwhite might work
UPDATE-Moved from three stars - to five stars and then BACK to four stars, heres why-This is my second review for the kindle paperwhite because I had to replace my first one. In my first review I complained that the screen couldn't be tilted and that the wifi password could not be saved but I am happy now because the recent updates have fixed all that so I was planning on coming back and giving it the 5 star review it deserves, buuuttttt I am not because of the reason I had to replace it!I was holding the kindle in my hand one night alternating between watching a movie and reading in bed, I looked at the kindle, looked at the tv, then back at kindle and WHAM there's this tiny "rip" inside the screen (behind the hard outer part and the back light - almost like on the ink screen). The screen was not cracked, as in you could not FEEL it cracked. It cast this awful shadow up the page that was so annoying. I was seriously freaking out because I had just got my new book that I'd had on pre order for months (my favorite series) and just started reading it when THIS HAPPENED. AAHHHI called amazon and they said I had to send this one back first- and then when they received it they would send me a new one.That really made me mad.WHY would they make me wait like that?I buy A LOT (TOO MUCH) from this site, I am the definition a valued customer, AND PRIME member for 7+ years!WTF AMAZON.This is the first time I've been disappointed by your service in all that time and it was a major let down.I'm a fast reader and they gave my seven days to send the kindle back- so like any other normal personal would do in my situation (with how I waited tooth and nail for this last book to this series for MONTHS AND MONTHS and the got it on the day my kindle broke itself) I suffered through the annoying screen anomaly and finished the book in record time and then sent it back.My major problem is just that I literally did nothing to this kindle to make it break, I was HOLDING it and it had a mini stroke right in my hands. I am scared for it to happen again and Amazon not replace it.Also I felt like a fish out of water without my books at hand, shame on you Amazon.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------I docked two stars because the battery life lasts less than 8 eight hours when the wifi is connected. I have one of those super fun wifi passwords that is like a gazillion letters and numbers long all mixed up and so every time I want to sync my kindle -and/or get a new book from the store- I have to re-enter the password! SO ANNOYING. But if I just leave the wifi on I need to plug the kindle in every night. NOT what I want to be doing either way. PLEASE AT LEAST FIX the kindle settings so that it can REMEMBER the password if we want it to. It would make this problem non-existent.The other star I took away is because the screen does not rotate. I don't know why I thought it would, but it doesn't and it makes me wish it did every single time I use it. Obviously I use it a lot and love to read so I am keeping it because it is easier on my eyes and I can use my prime membership to borrow a book a month (you need a kindle in order to that).
Pros: It's a handy size. Performance is good. The screen is visible both at night and in daylight. It's easy to sideload books from other sources using Calibre, unlike with competitor B. It's easy to buy books and the home page often recommends good books to buy based on what you last read and what's in your library. Battery life is excellent, I charge it once every two weeks whether it needs it or not, it's never below 50% and I read for probably an hour a night with the backlight turned on. Easy access to Amazon's proprietary library of non-mainstream-publisher books, mostly self-published stuff that may or may not be good (some of my friends have published that way and I think their stuff is as good as what's published by mainstream publishers, but I'm probably biased).Cons: The interface for reading magazines has a bad tendency to flip me to the next story/article when I'm trying to flip to the next page. No physical left/right buttons which leaves me reliant on that same touchscreen that tends to flip me to the next story/article rather than to the next page. Can be hard to navigate your library when you have lots of books.Neutral: No home button, meaning you have to touch the top left of the screen to go home, which has the same problem as with Windows 8 touch screens (i.e., if you don't touch at *exactly* the right place, you end up somewhere you didn't want to go). No SSD card for storage expansion, though I must admit that I've never exhausted the in-built 4gb of storage in any eReader I've ever owned. You can turn off the ads for $20, but the ads tend to be for other books on Amazon's site that I might want to read, so I didn't.I won't say "I love it."  The glitchiness in the magazine user interface is annoying. But combined with the size and scale of Amazon's library, I'm pleased.
I purchased the Kindle along with the leather case.Pros: Battery life; adjustable font size; ease of downloading reading material; no glare screen; adjustable back lighting, can read at night without night stand light on, with leather case when you open the case goes right to page you left off or one swipe with take you to the page.Cons: This is probably a personal issue but when I read I hold it like a regular book with the bottom left side resting in the crook of my thumb and finger. Bottom edge of the the cover is very thin and digs into the webbing between thumb and finger and causes some discomfort. However now that I have it, I would recommend that the case is purchased along with the Kindle.Trying to talk my wife into getting one.
I own a lot of books and I really like owning physical books, so I was never really interested in the Kindle. However, my reading habits are pretty sporadic, meaning that I tend not to wait until I finish one book to begin another. What I choose to read at any given moment has a lot to do with my current mood. This makes traveling with reading material very difficult and inconvenient with physical books. This, combined with the fact that I don't even have enough room for all my books at the moment (I have to dig through boxes to find the book I want if it's not one of the ones that fit on my shelf) began to pique my interest in the Kindle. Recently, the Kindle went on sale for $20 off and I happened to have enough Amazon gift card credit to pay for the entire purchase plus a case without spending out-of-pocket, so I decided to try one out! Boy, am I glad that I gave this thing a try! Not only is it small enough to easily transport, while still being big enough to read comfortably but it looks great and works great!I bought the version with ads because I see no perks of having them removed, since Amazon dictates what you see on your lock screen, regardless.I've been reading a lot more lately, thanks to my new Kindle & I love being able to read in bed without having to have the lights on. The lighting on my Kindle is slightly cool (bluish) but actually quite neutral & very even across the page. The only strange thing is that even with the lighting set to off, or 0, the device still emits low light, as can be seen in my photos. They were taken in a pitch black environment to show the screen's glow. I've included a selfie with it, so you can really see that the screen is emitting the glow & it is not residual from my phone.In conclusion, while I don't think I will ever give up physical books, I will definitely put this Kindle to use with books that I don't really care to own physical copies of, or for travel versions of my favorite books!
Great product. I got this for my son. He has a tablet already but this is great as a dedicated reader that he can just keep in his school backpack. I was initially not sure that a dedicated reader made sense given that he already has a tablet but I do think getting it was the right call. The built in "word-wise" functionality is a great tool. I think it is reasonable to think that it'll help build his vocabulary, and enable him to make sense of books that are at a somewhat higher level than he could with the paper version of the book (where you'd be digging out the dictionary to look up words).I can share my library with him using the "Freetime" functionality, which is a nice feature. It allows you to share only a subset of your library that you choose, which is good as some of a parents' library might not be suitable for the kid to read. Freetime also allows you to set daily reading goals, allow your kid to earn rewards, etc.... I haven't explored much of that yet but it's nice that it's there to try out at some point.
My kindle keyboard died after 6 years of loyal service.  I went with the paperwhite to replace it because I could not justify in my mind the higher cost of the voyager for an eReader.  I've had the paperwhite a few days now and have gone through the purchase process, setup, and have done several hours of reading on it.  The reader is fine, but I don't love it the way some reviewers do.  My hope is over time it will grow on me as I become more familiar with it.  So far:What I like:- I like the adjustable lighting that I can change depending on the conditions I'm reading in- Fits well in my hand, very light weight- Based on my keyboard experience, I paid extra to get the amazon network connectivity.  I highly recommend doing that it makes browsing and purchasing much easier especially when you are on the road.  There won't always be a wifi connection where you are and you don't have to worry about entering passcodes for every random wifi network you might need to connect to to download a book while traveling.- vocab builder is a nice feature that the keyboard didn't have- X-ray is also a nice feature added since the keyboard- The width is about the same as my last kindle (though it is shorter since there is no physical keyboard) so it fits in the BUILT sleeve/case I already owned...so I didn't need to buy a new cover.What I don't like- Asking me to pay $20 to disable the adds. This just leaves a bad taste in my mouth.  I can see doing that for the <$100 model but I paid close to double that for the paperwhite.  Plus I'm a prime member and send a lot of my money Amazon's way throughout the year.  Don't make me pay to turn the adds off that is ridiculous.- I miss the forward and back buttons of the keyboard model.  The touch screen is a nice concept but the screen can be sensitive.  If you shift the reader in your hand and brush the screen you can propel yourself several pages forward in the book.  I've had this happen a couple of times already in just a few days.  That didn't happen w/ the forward and back buttons.- Similarly, I've highlighted numerous words inadvertently that then must be manually deleted from the vocab builder.- The reader is definitely designed to be optimally held in the left hand.  Most of the screen will move you forward in the book but only a very narrow slice on the left side will move you back.  If you are holding in your right hand then you can't go back easily.  With the keyboard it didn't matter which hand you preferred to use.- Comes with the micro USB cable but no adapter (keyboard came with both).  I can't imagine that a 5W adapter costs very much money to mass produce yet they no longer include one.  Similar to the forced advertisements, just didn't sit very well, it's not like I went with the cheapest option.I am a little worried about some of the posts I see regarding low battery life.  I will check back in later in the year to update the review and that will be one of the things I plan to comment on.  With my previous kindle I could charge at home and then bring it on the road without worrying about packing the charger and cable.  I am hopeful that will be the case with the new kindle as well.
This was a replacement for our very old, original design Kindle, which had been dropped, stepped on, sat on, and had multiple beverage spills yet kept on working.  Eventually it got cranky because the edge switches became stuck/damaged, so we opted for a new one.  After considering the color model we got the Paperwhite version because of its extraordinary battery life, plus (unlike color screen devices) it can easily be read in bright sunlight at the beach or on a deck.We've been extremely pleased.  The built-in light is perfect for reading in darkness or low light, the resolution is sharper than the original Kindle, and turning pages by touching the screen is convenient (in addition to eliminating potentially troublesome switches on the edge of the case).  It's also a bit smaller and lighter, making it even easier to carry in a purse or coat pocket.  We've not had any issues with the light, pixels, software, etc. as some have reported.  We would definitely buy it again if the dog ate this one.
I purchased this Paperwhite to replace my old one, a Kindle 3rd version. I also purchased the cover that turns it on and off. I like the new features including the touch screen - the swipes to turn pages are easy and I especially appreciate the cover that puts it to sleep. Since it has no button keyboard the size is much smaller than my old Kindle. Although I have a computer, several different tablets and a smart phone, I prefer to read my books on the Paperwhite especially before bed. It is easy to put down and close and then the lights are out, no special reading light needed.If I run out of reading material, I can easily get new books at any hour with either the wifi or the 3G connection. So many features packed into a small device with a reasonable price tab.
works well, I wish the firmware had more options like sorting by date added, a-z or z-a when sorting title and author, more steps in the brightness level, and most importantly a night and day profile like some other book readers have. During the day I read a smaller font, brighter backlight and in portrait mode, but at night I am laying on my side and I set it to landscape, dim the light and make the font larger as I am tired and it is easier to read, having a couple easy to switch profiles would be awesome.That is a list of things I wish it had, what it does have is a very, very sharp, clear, easy to read display, when read by a window or out in the sun you don't need the backlight at all, it is just like reading a paper book then in dimmer to dark you just adjust the backlight.It is very responsive, and page flips are quick, I picked up my old sony ereader from 4 years ago and it felt like going from snail mail to email. :-DI read every night while waiting to fall asleep and this is SO much easier on my eyes with the gentle backlight than just dimming my tablet.From a software developer viewpoint I wish it was more customizable, from a "I want to read a book" standpoint it rocks.
I had a Nook tablet, but wanted a dedicated e-reader for longer battery time, no screen pare in the sun, and smaller more manageable size. The Paperwhite has met all my needs. At first, I was afraid the small size would smush the text together and be hard on the eyes. What I've found is that this is not the case. Actually, this is much easier on my eyes than my Nook tablet was. The Kindle display literally looks like a book's printed page. The drawback for me is that I can't use the Kindle for books I bought on Barnes & Noble. I tend to do some traveling in a small motorhome at various times, and the Paperwhite is compact and that is valuable in an already packed to the roof motorhome. I think for the price, the Paperwhite is a good buy. It limits you to buying eBooks only from Amazon, but the selection is large enough that I don't think this is a significance hindrance. Since I own a Nook tablet I can purchase from other sources. Overall, I am personally very happy with my Paperwhite. I love it's size, and the display.
Nice form factor.I am used to using the Kindle app on my nexus 7 table and IPAD to read my books. After awhile my arm and hand gets tired holding the tablet. I wanted something smaller with a nice form factor. Nothing fancy just an E-reader. The Kindle Paperwhite fit my needs perfectly. Light and easy to carry. I slide in my cargo pocket or backpack and carry it around with me. So far no complaints.
No more fumbling with reading lights in bed, no disturbing anyone else in the room with your light needs. No more struggling with faint print, small print, weird fonts, or thin pages. This Kindle is small, light, and comfortable to hold in your hand(s). The cover is great too (I got royal purple) besides fitting perfectly and protecting the device, it's a comfortable surface to hold, and won't slip if you like propping it on a cushion, table etc. You can bookmark your place in different books at the same time, and I love pressing on a word to see the definition (and origin) and save it to your dictionary. You can take the Kindle anywhere. No wifi needed unless you're moving books up and down from the server. There's even easy access to Goodreads, which I enjoy, and I'm about to add a subscription to a history magazine that's been too expensive to order in print. The entire Kindle experience is so hassle-free I'm reading more than I have in ages.I have five bookcases full of books and no more room. Plus my older paperbacks were turning yellow and the pages were falling out. I've started tossing them and re-buying on Kindle. Bonus: next time I move I won't have as many heavy boxes of books to lug around. It's simple to get any book you want from Amazon. Tap to remove from your device if you don't like scrolling through a lot of books to find what you want, and it stays in the cloud (go to Manage Your Content and Devices on the Amazon site). Just re-download when you want to read them. And it's super simple to borrow library books. I haven't read a library book since I was in school. No more going to the library building, searching, checking out books, then needing to go back and return them, and they're never unavailable because someone else has them.My only problem with the Kindle is the fact that I didn't buy one sooner!
THIS IS AWESOME! This is the first e-reader purchase for me, I've read my e-books on my Samsung Galaxy 4 or computer for the past couple of years. I'm so happy, every time I pick up my Kindle I sigh....seriously, ahhhhhhh. I love it, it's everything I could want in a computer book.  I've got tons of books on it already - got it within 5 days of ordering - started reading on it immediately.I bought a 5W USB Official OEM Charger and Power cord since that was recommended by other reviewers, and I also bought a very pretty case from MoKo called Lucky Tree. When you close the case it automatically turns off the Kindle and saves the battery, when you open the case the Kindle turns on automatically - you just swipe the screen and you are back to the page you left from previous reading.I'm happy.  Happy, happy, happy I tell you! Highly recommend.
Just got the Kindle Paperwhite 6" today, and the jury is still out whether it's worth over $100.00, after using the Kindle app on my iPhone and iPad for several years.  I got the Paperwhite thinking it would be a nice break from all the distractions that come with using your iPhone or iPad to read books.  The Paperwhite seems slower than I expected, and the signal meter for WIFI gets weak sooner than my other devices that are connected to the wireless router, as I move further away from it.  I'm still getting used to navigating through the Paperwhite, and I'm already wondering if I have accidentally lost my place in some of the books that I've been reading, which is my biggest fear with reading books on a Kindle.  With all that being said, now that I have the Whitepaper I'll continue spending time getting used to it and hopefully feel better about my decision to purchase it.
Received this as a gift on my wishlist (thanks family!) and it is working great and looks new!  I have tons of gadgets - way too many laptops and tablets - and I wanted something to help narrow my focus and just enjoy some reading (especially before bed).  It's too easy to get sucked into some "endless feed" reading whether that's your RSS reader, Facebook, Instagram, etc.With the Kindle, it's limited (in a good way) to just reading eBooks and it's also easier on the eyes in a pitch-dark room when compared to a tablet.Sure, E-ink screens take a fraction of a second to refresh sometimes, but for what it does, it's nearly perfect.  If I could somehow access my Safari Books Online books on here, this thing would be perfect!
I was gifted with my first Kindle and it came with a case that had a light. The fact that it turned itself off after disuse of a few minutes was great for someone who reads in bed and falls asleep.My new Kindle has the light feature built into it, so my new cover was strictly for protection. Wow! It's easy to carry/store/use and with a bright cover, it is easy to locate. I rarely misplace it. https://www.amazon.com/MoKo-Paperwhite-Thinnest-Lightest-Versions/dp/B07568C3NZ/ref=sr_1_4?ie=UTF8&qid;=1515584574&sr;=8-4&keywords;=Kindle%2BPaperwhite%2Bcase&th;=1I miss the books that were already bought and loaded on my old Kindle by it's original purchaser, but I greatly enjoy the new features of my new one. Congratulations on a well-designed product.
I now  like this KIndle.  But, at first, the instructions did not work and the touch was stiff which required many touches.  I spoke to 2 different people.  Both were very kind and helpful.  But, by the time I called the first one I was already very  frustrated, I told him I needed to hang up and call back at some future time.  Not his fault, mine.  Second call, I was calmer and I was helped.  After several days, the touch started working without me having to repeat it several times.  I wanted to thank both Tyrone and Joseph for all the courtesy and help they provided me.Now this works great, but I really wish Amazon could figure a way to allow me to delete books from this Kindle.  Books I had already removed from my old Kindle are back on this unit and there is no easy way to get rid of them.  And, books which were emailed to me from publishers and authors for review, are not on the website list, nor are they able to be deleted from the unit.  In short, finding specific books has become a huge task which should not be necessary.  And don't get me started with the 3 Russan translation dictionaries which I never wanted and am unable to remove.
The lag in this device is KILLING ME. I've been bearing with this Kindle for months just because the Kindle app kept crashing on my Galaxy S5. Now that I have an S7 Edge, I'm finding it hard to keep using this.The display is nice, but  the functionality is TORTURE:- Clicking on links close to each other results in clicking the wrong link because the device doesn't always respond to light presses.- There's a delay in the device registering touch inputs that ranges from 1-2  seconds (sometimes more).- Creating notes is brutal. You have to wait a second in between character presses otherwise you will have typos in almosy every other character you type.- I paid over $100 for a device that has poor functionality AND STILL HAS ADS!Get yourself a tablet with a Kindle app that hopefully won't crash instead.
Until I started using the Paperwhite, I hadn't actually realized the benefits of a dedicated e-reader.  I had embarked on the Kindle phenomenon with the 2nd generation, fantastic for its time but by today's standards, a little clunky and rudimentary.  From there, I proceeded to the Kindle Fire HD.  There was so much going on with that one, that simple, quiet reading took a backseat to the distractions of movies, music and, games.The Paperwhite is strictly for reading.  It was designed and built for that alone and it works superbly with no competing distractions.  It's compact and lightweight and its high resolution, non-glare screen is easy on the eyes even after hours of reading.  Its built-in light is adjustable as are the font and the print size.In my experience, it's the closest thing to reading an actual book but with the added benefits of customization and the undeniable delight of having access to thousands of books in one small package.
Recently retired from the Corporate world. Never was a reader but thought I would try to keep the cob webs out of my mind and start reading. Love true crime. Have read a few books over the years. Decided to get a Kindle. While I never became endeared to the look and feel of a book, I did understand people who said "I just have to hold and smell the book." OK. I cannot put the Kindle down. I read for three hours the other day. In my 64 years on this earth, I have never read for three hours! It's easy, lightweight, not cumbersome. You could stand on your head and prop it up and read if you wanted to. It has been the best bang for my buck since refinancing my condo!
I just bought the newest version of the Paperwhite, after using the Kindle Touch for a few years. My Touch is still in very good shape and works wonderfully (even after my bad idea of trying to read it in a kayak), but I'm also really enjoying having the lit screen of the Paperwhite. It makes reading at night so much easier. I no longer have to keep a stock of reading lights around. I'm very happy with both Kindles.
Just received my first Kindle Paperwhite. I have many books purchased on Amazon that I have not had time to read. I erroneously thought that I could transfer those paper books over to the Kindle for a nominal charge using Kindle MatchBook and not have to carry the books with me while traveling. I found that MatchBook only applies to certain books. The majority, I will have to repurchase as electronic editions at full price. While I am a new Kindle user, I don't find the Kindle to be particularly intuitive to operate. I am a power user of iPhone and iPad, so the fact that the Kindle is so different from those devices may be part of the problem. My wife is a long-time Kindle Paperwhite user so thought she could help me; however, her Kindle is the previous model and with all of the changes, she is lost trying to operate my Kindle. Everything I want to do, I have to Google. This is frustrating but will get better with time. More thought into the design of the Kindle operating system to make it more intuitive like Apple products would be appreciated by users. I like the convenience of being able to carry many books while traveling in such a small package. Just think the Kindle is not that easy to use.
Since I retired in Jan 2012  I read about one book a week.  Someone told me about reading electronic books from our library on my phone.  After a year of that my daughter gave me a Kindle Paper White and case for Christmas. This completely changed my reading.  I easily download books from my local library and a few other libraries in towns we regularly travel to.  The process is relatively fast and simple.  I find that its easy to carry my Kiddle around with me so it goes  on all our travels.  I really like the screen, its size and color-black print on a very light gray background.  Its easy to change the font, font size and screen brightness for various reading conditions.  I can read in bed at night without having to have a light on.  Its also tough in its case.  Its hit the floor many times and comes out just fine.  The battery life is great as well.  It goes for weeks.  It doesnt charge quickly however.  I leave it on the bed stand and let it charge overnight every few weeks.  My daughter calls it, Hitting a home run! as a Christmas present.  Need I say more?
I'm kind of in love. I didn't want to fall, but I'm pretty sure I'm in this for the long haul. I have a large family that requires a lot of time and energy to care for. Finding time to read was a hurdle I failed to overcome far too much of the time. I would buy books and barely get halfway through before giving up because it was frustrating to keep track of my place after frequent interruptions, or getting the right lighting to read after everyone had gone to bed.My home has large rooms and I have yet to find the perfect reading lamps to go in each place I would like to read. That is no longer an issue. The lighting on the Kindle Paperwhite is perfect at night, during the day, in bright sunlight...EVERYWHERE! I no longer strain my eyes into a state of fatigue from poor light or too small print, so I read for longer periods of time.I have everyday reading back in my life and I completed two books in the first 8 days of owning this blessed little thing, one fiction, one non-fiction. Speaking of little, I don't miss holding a book as much as I thought would. The sleep/wake case that I purchased does an adequate job of mimicking that book-in-hand sensation.I recently started carrying a Kipling Alvar crossbody purse so that I could keep up with my family, hands-free. The Paperwhite fits really well even with all of my other regular items. So it goes wherever I do, and now waiting is just an excuse to read a few more pages.I also ordered a Belkin sleeve to give some padded protection while it's in my purse, diaper bag, or backpack.I've charged the battery twice in the last 8 days. Not too bad.I will still order traditional books for studying and for spiritual devotion, as I like to actually write in the books, but the Kindle is a great addition to my personal library.I spend less time on my phone and watching TV. What's not to love?
I would give it a 5 star review if the battery charge lasted longer.  I read about hour and half each night and find I an having to charge it every 5 to 6 days.  My old Kindle that didn't have the back light and lasted a couple of weeks before charging.  I realize the back light consumes more juice which is the contributor to shorter life in the batteries.  Also, holding the Kindle by the sides you have to be careful in not letting you fingers move to the screen as it will change pages and if pressure is continued before getting your finger off the screen it will advance several pages either forward or backwards pending which side you finger touches.  Other than that, I have no other complaints at the present.
Great reader, but... kindle doesn't support managing categories for non-Amazon e-books from a PC.So if you buying to host your own books, be prepared to do all your books manually and when you buy another kindle you will do it from scratch again - I have about 250 e-books on my old kindle I can't transfer with categories/collections.Its a shame that Amazon still has no decent software to support that.
I am an old school girl who reads paper books so I was hesitant on getting this but I can officially say that I'm converted after only one week.My reading life has changed completely. In the past, I had to wait until I was able to escape to the book store without kids in tow in order to get myself a book t read. Now all I do is browse online, purchase with one click, then I'm reading in minutes not weeks. I can read so much more and on my own schedule. I read at night so ordering a new book when I've finished my current one is a breeze.One other concern I had is that I have VERY sensitive eyes. I can't look at computer screen for very long or I get a very bad eye strain headache. I don't have any issues with the Kindle Paperwhite.I put this up at the top of my "Best Investments" list.
I've had the kindle paper white for a few days now! I got this because of he glare free screen and lighter weight than an ipad. I mean the screen isn't perfect, I know a lot of people complain about that, but it's led and not backlit. Some shadows are just naturally going to appear at the bottom of the screen. But I mean it's only $120, what did you expect. If you're looking for a tablet I would go with the fire, but I already have one so this is great and serves its purpose as an ereader. This is my first kindle, I know there's been a ton of buzz around them for years. But I was a late adapter. It's much more portable than my iPad mini, while it fits easily in my purse, I love the font, bookerly. I love that i can read in bright daylight with no glare and at night. It's a nifty little thing. I think it definitely exceeds my expectations for this cheap little ereader. I am excited to see what Amazon comes up with in the future.
I was surprised by two things:- how much better the resolution is vs. the earlier paperwhite I have (I didn't see how it could be THAT different)- how much easier it is to obtain and download books with the 3G version vs. the wireless only versionEvery time I traveled with my old paperwhite I tried to make sure that I had plenty of reading material so I would not have to try to log into hotel wifi to download a new book, and every time I seemed to misjudge time to read or ended up disliking what I had planned to read... and then wasted hours of my life trying to download additional books using wifi at hotel, coffee shop, etc. No more! I LOVE 3G!!!!! No more wasted time. I can browse Kindle Unlimited on the kindle itself, quickly and easily, download instantly, and begin reading. I have not bought a book yet on the new kindle (vs. buying on the computer and sending to the paperwhite), but I'm guessing it will be as easy as acquiring through Unlimited collection on the kindle itself.I am so happy camper that I finally upgraded and wish only that my old paperwhite hadn't lasted as long as it did, so I could have done this earlier without guilt.
This is a really nice device, but right after my 30 day return ran out they came out with the Oasis.  I want the newest device.  I held onto my old original Kindle for over 4 years and finally decided to upgrade.  I am so disappointed I missed out on the Oasis but cannot see a reason to have 2 devices.  The Paperwhite by Kindle or any reader by Amazon is your choice if you want a reader.  I have looked at other readers and here is the issue.  Books for those devices cannot be read just anywhere or on just any device (phone, etc. even with apps), you have to be careful what you download.  The trick with Amazon and Kindles is you can choose from so much and read them on any device, with the app, or carry your Kindle.  There are options for free books without prime and if your a Prime member, get a free book every month from the top editor's picks.  I have not seen these offers anywhere else and I always do my research.  My Kindle goes everywhere even if I don't use it all the time.  I may use it while standing in a grocery store line, or just for 5 minutes but it is so light it fits right in my purse.  The battery on this one lasts forever.  I just took it on a week long trip and didn't charge it once and read it exclusively on the airplane and through long layovers.  This device has an airplane mode also which is nice.  The light on this one auto adjusts perfectly so far, although you can set it where you want.  Keep note this is a touch screen only so if you're used to buttons to turn the page, this is not the device for you.  All-in-all I love my Kindle and I think Amazon support and products are the best in the world.  To give me a free top book a month is awesome, thanks Amazon.
I'm pretty happy with this Paperwhite. It's the 4th Kindle I've bought. I bought one for my grandson five or six years ago and decided I needed one also. It was an earlier model that was speech enabled for reading or listening as well. He used the audio along with the reading as he is ADHD and it helped him get along better. I never used the audio feature on mine. To make a long story short, mine went south several months after the warranty expired. I then bought a reconditioned Paperwhite. It too went south two months after the warranty expired. Zowie! I've since bought the newest generation Paperwhite. I like the higher definition print. I still have some difficulties negotiating its features and I still have some troubles with the touch screen. I read before bed every night and tend to fall asleep reading. I turn pages while sleeping and need to spend time finding my place back. I liked the older Kindle with the buttons for turning pages much better. I'm assuming I'll get on to negotiating the rest as time goes on. If I get a year or two out of this one I'll probably buy another when it fails. Amazon's customer service is pretty accommodating  and makes every effort to make things right. I've grown to really enjoy the Kindle over old fashioned books.
It is TOOOOO Connected to wi-fi.  I cannot delete books until I delete them on my Amazon account.  I cannot read until I get wi-fi info from the place I am visiting.  Library books won't delete until the second time I go on line and delete.  First time just sends the book back to library.  Second trip a day later deletes it from list.  My old Kindle was MUCH better.  This new Kindle is a real disappointment to me. It seems the books aren't even on my Kindle.  When I try to open one, it  it downloads at that moment.  You certainly have not created any improvements to the Paperwhite over my old Kindle.  The new Kindle  is not up to my expectations.  It seems you have made me more attached to AMAZON than before.  Not fair. I was good about deleting the books from my Amazon account, but when I am on vacation , I can read 4-5 books and have no availability to delete them from Amazon.  But I can assure you I delete them when I get home.  I even print out the list and compare to me list to make sure I have not missed anything.  I just spent 4 days in NJ; I could not read all day Wednesday until the owner came home at 530 and gave me the wi-fi code.  This just isn't right.
I'm trying to get back into reading for pleasure after having most my reading these days consist of scientific publications for work and grad school.My two stipulations?1) Not having to haul several titles around with me in my bag. I love physical books, but like to minimize my daily carry.2) Not wanting to extend my daily screen-time. This was my main reason for picking Paperwhite over the Fire or a tablet. My vision isn't great, and 8+ hours of being at a computer for work, supplemented with using my iPhone definitely gets to my eyes.My nitpicks with the Paperwhite:-Price point: I will be outright honest and say the price point is too high for what it is and does. I also resent having to pay more to not be bombarded with ads, which shouldn't even be an option in the first place for a product I'm purchasing, not using for free. I could understand the integration of ads if the price point for their inclusion was substantially lower, but it's definitely not sufficient to justify them.-User Interface: The response time for certain actions can be slow and clicking certain functions can be clunky. It's not enough to encumber use though.-Reading Material Accessibility: How I wish I could read my work pdfs on this device. I know it's a sacrifice made for not opting to get a tablet with browsing capabilities, but it'd be a dream if in the future pdfs could be downloaded onto the device to be read in this format.Otherwise, I think the Paperwhite is simple and fairly intuitive to use. Battery life is great, it's lightweight and compact, and I love that the display doesn't strain my eyes. The back-lighting options are subtle and non-straining as well. It also achieved its purpose of getting me to read more.Minus one star for the nitpicks, but otherwise hits the marks for me.
I can't tell you how DISAPPOINTED I am with Amazon. I purchased an Amazon Kindle as Christmas present for my partner and when he tests it out on Christmas day the device doesn't work AT ALL!!!! It flashed from a black and white screen before settling on the image, and it skips pages in books, making it impossible to even try reading a book. Christmas day I spent 1.5 hours trying to settle the issue with a Kindle representative (rebooting the device, upgrading it--I'm not sure why since it was brand new out of box- then charging it for 30 minutes and restarting the reboot and upgrade, then changing it to factory settings-- with no improvement to the device), then had to wait a week until the Kindle team heard back from their engineers, and then told to wait for an email several days later. The email said to send them logs from my kindle device, I did. The response to this email said to wait 2 business days, and it has been 5 business days with no response to my request for an update. I am extremely dissatisfied with the level of customer support I have gotten. This should be a simple product replacement, but it has now been several weeks and I have not heard back from Amazon regarding replacing the device. Why go through so many hoops when everything is showing you the the device is defective out of box??? I will think twice before EVER purchasing an Amazon device ever again.
I loved my older Kindle and was pretty distraught when it came up missing (loaning items to an 85-year old does come at a risk!), so when I finally decided it was time for a Paperwhite with a back light it was a relief.  It arrived much faster than I thought it would and I couldn't be happier with it!  LOVE the back light, love the clarity of the text on the screen, love the cover I got for it.  I read a lot in bed to relax and head off to dreamland and a light in the room always bothers my husband.  The backlight doesn't  bother him at all and I can read to my hearts content.  To sum it up, I'm really happy and look forward to many, many new novels on my lovely new Kindle!
I loved this product, then the battery died and wouldn't recharge and I flew into a rage. Left a one star review, all that jazz. Amazon called within 2 hours and was able to solve the issue.  The guy on the phone had me try a different cable and, when that didn't work, a different charging unit (the thing that plugs into the outlet).  And that fixed it! So while yes, the charging unit was faulty, the product is great, and the customer service was remarkably fast.
I have fought the good fight for so long to keep the dreaded book impostor out of my kingdom like the fire-breathing, village-pillaging dragons of old. Now that this modern day creature has stormed my castle walls, mine eyes have seen the error of my ways.  I will still fill my bookshelves with my favorites books in paperback and especially hardcover, but for any extracurricular books, I will read them on my new Kindle, and then only buy them in actual form if I love them. You can take notes while reading, get a new book anywhere there is Wi-Fi, and look up words in the dictionary simply by touching the word on the screen.  These, along with many other amazing features, make this Kindle my new favorite creature in all of my vast kingdom.
it's a nice simple kindle, where all you do is read on it. no fancy features, just a simple, regular kindle. it's a nice color, it gets glitchy and frozen sometimes, but it'll fix itself eventually. the one thing that i don't like is now you have to "slide to unlock it" i don't know if that has anything to do with this specific kindle or if it's just updates and whatnot, but it's nice and simple and easy to navigate for certain easily confused people who don't like too much complicated things. *cough* me. *cough*
This is my first e-reader i have purchase 3 kindles during the years. The reason I got the e-reader now is because I didn't understand why my internal storage was getting full quickly and the reason was because I been buying a lot of books and it took a lot to stored them. So far is good it stored all my books now and could get more, but I have to say is a bit different and getting use to. First the size is small but really light it fits in my purse perfectly, also is black and white only no color so I do miss that but again there is no glare. So mostly that why I gave it 4 stars i will really like for it to be in color and the size to be a bit bigger other than that I like it so far.
Been using this Kindle Paperwhite for about a month.Likes:+ Good, long battery life+ Crisp screen+ Good selection of contentDislikes- No night mode (seems to light up the bedroom, wife not so happy; will need to reduce brightness, but that also reduces contrast)- Small screen- UI interface elements feel old school- Am not to keen on the slightly "rough" surface of the screen (when every other touch screen I use has a smooth surface)- Getting menus to appear when 'inside a book' takes some getting used to
It has only been out of the box for about an hour. It has already frozen. I could not go back a page and then it eventually got stuck on a page. Had to restart and then was prompted to do a 30 min update. Not what I expected from an amazon product.
I really love my Kindle, but see areas where it could be improved. This is my first e-reader and I have had it for several months now.The good:-My favorite feature is the dictionary. You can click on a word and its definition will pop up. The words you click on are added to a list, which is pretty helpful in improving your vocabulary!-Really easy on the eyes. I've never felt any eye strain from reading the Kindle. You have a good amount of control over the brightness too, which is nice for night reading.-Huge selection of books.Little, lightweight, easily carried around in small purse.The bad:-The standard lock screen shows advertisements (see photo) and you have to pay $20 to remove them. I just deal with the advertisements, but it's kind of annoying since I spent $120 on the Kindle.-When searching for books, you can't see their prices unless you click on them (which takes several seconds back and forth - the Kindle seems to load slow here), and there is no way to organize the list by price. As a cheapo, I find this frustrating because I really want the cheapest version of whatever book I'm looking for. It really adds a lot more time to click on every book to see its price.-When reading, the toggle wheel used to flip through the book's pages is a little too sensitive, making it hard to "flip" through books.-Sometimes is a little slow to load and will get "stuck" for a few moments, kind of like when electronics are getting old. This has happened since it was brand new.-There is no manual (that I know of) that explains how to use the Kindle with your hands. It took me a long time to figure out how to use the dictionary feature - I was trying to double-click words to see their definitions, and it just seemed to be hit-and-miss whether the definition would pop up or not. I finally figured out that you need to do one long click on a word to see its definition. It would be nice to also know exactly where and how to click on pages to maneuver. Sometimes when I try to continue to the next page, the book will skip ahead several pages, and I'm not sure how I'm tapping on the Kindle wrong to make that happen.
I am definitely a paper/hard copy reader, so it was with great reluctance that I was dragged into the e-reading world. Overall, I am happy with this. The screen is a nice flat/matte so it's not hard on the eyes, and the ability to change text size easily is wonderful for when I've forgotten my glasses. Its size is comfortable to hold even when I'm lying down or scrunching.up. I think my favorite thing though is how easy it is to get library books. I was a little concerned since I'm not super good with tech, but it's great just to be able to browse the library and get immediate gratification. My reason for 4 stars is it's still not easy to "flip through" or go back to a part the way you can with a real book. I think I can use bookmarks to help somewhat, but there are some things that are and always will be inferior to hard copy books. But it's awesome to be able to carry a ton of books with me without the weight!
I have been reading ebooks for many years, on phones & tablets & Kindle devices. When traveling, a device dedicated to one purpose is likelier to hold battery charge. And the price was right.It's very light, and readily accesses all the things in my Amazon cloud. Rapidly syncs to match progress in other devices. Good battery, so far. The screen is very readable, although I like a bit more cream than white.I have not tried reading any graphic novels on this yet.I find navigating a bit slow and unrewarding. Tapping in the zones does not yield instant or reliable results. When I try to go back a page, it often bumps me forward instead.I'd prefer a smaller font than they offer, and I'd much rather have left-justified text than the solid block option, it's much more readable for me.I like the "carousel" option that Kindle offers on my phone, as I have more control over what I see first. When navigating a complex book series, lack of carousel is a nuisance; I can't set up a queue of books to keep prominent. So selecting my next book has been a frustrating process so far. I miss the carousel.I really, REALLY HATE the "suggestions" that appear on the resting screen. First, because I am a very visual person and prefer to set a nice image to greet me. Second, because THESE SUGGESTIONS SUCK. Really, Amazon, I've been a customer from Year One and you think I'd be interested in something loved by fans of 50 Shades of Gray? Have you no algorithms to tell you that you simply piss me off every time I pick the device up?The ability to personalize is limited, and there is no way to block the full-page "suggestions." If you don't object to constant, in-your-face ads that don't reflect your interest, and you want a dedicated reading device, this is adequate.
Now I have this, cannot do without.Previously I had a competitor, the competitor's screen broke after a year of use.  Been without and find I really miss.The Paperwhite screen reads very well, happy to read in sun, light or in bed in the dark.  Very easy to adjust brightness and letter size.  I find the experience far closer to reading a book than on a tablet or the old readers.KindleUnlimited - nice.  So many books it gives you the chance to read authors you normally would not buy.  But, don't expect to find all your favorite authors, those you still have to buy.Library Downloads - this is by far my largest disappointment.  Kindle's competitors made it very easy to electronically check out a book from a Library.  Kindle makes you choose a special type of download, not available at many libraries including mine, that links through Amazon for the download.  This is why I rate a 4 not a 5 and would likely go back to a different e-reader next time.
When my 5th gen kindle bit the dust I was looking for a proper replacement. Since this one internally lights up, I figured this would be the best upgrade. It downloads files shockingly fast. The screen operates under any light conditions. It's compact, yet has double the storage space of my old device. Finding the home screen (tap the top of the screen) and touch screen navigation take a little getting used to, but are otherwise just fine. This thing only has ONE BUTTON, but easier to customize?!?! Yep, Amazon made another great e-reader with the Paperwhite.
I really enjoy this kindle. I have had the second generation kindle, kindle fire, and the regular kindle. I did not like the glare of the kindle fire, plus I found that instead of reading, i would venture off into watching video's or playing games. The Kindle paper white helps me to stay focused on reading my book. I really enjoy reading at night, but I did not want to wake my husband. Therefore I choose to go with the paper white that had the back light that does not disturb my husband while he is sleeping. I can conveniently go to the kindle store on my device, download books, and read without disturbing anyone. I also like the fact that pictures do show very well in black and white. I recommend the kindle paper white vs any other e-reader on the market. Amazon has a vast library and choices of all different kinds of books that are very affordable. I am not paid by Amazon by any means or get any kind of reimbursement for reviews, but this is my honest opinion about the product and services I receive which I am pleased with. The only downfall to the kindle is that if you have Kindle Audible (which I am subscribed to), there is no head jack to follow along with audible books. I use my phone for this purpose. The product itself is worth the money you will be spending, and if you are looking for bang for your buck, the Kindle Paperwhite E-reader is a great choice
This Kindle is brilliant.I don't believe an overly long review detailing all of the pros, cons, and speculations is necessary; plenty other Kindle Paperwhite users have commented on its greatness, but I simply still feel the need to add yet another happy review to the mix.I owned both a Kindle Keyboard and Kindle Fire previous to the Paperwhite. I hated the Fire due to it being like most tablets in which it's nearly impossible to see the screen in sunlight (it became a simple use-at-home internet tablet.) The Kindle Keyboard was great and my go-to reading device, yet I always wished it had a backlight for reading in the dark/not as well lit areas. I knew, though, whatever device Amazon came up with next must still have the E-Ink display for me to buy because it was perfect in the sunlight and that is more important than being able to read in the dark.Then, like everything I ever could have wanted in a Kindle, the Paperwhite came into existence. I was finally able to get this version (my first Paperwhite) this past year, and it has replaced my Kindle Keyboard as my go-to reading device. The backlight level can be turned to '0' when you don't wish to use it or quite bright when you'd like it on. It's absolutely perfect and can still be read in bright sunlight. I've been using it everyday, and I still am yet to find a flaw.
I am really enjoying this Kindle.  For years I have resisted buying any kind of electronic reader because I like reading from a real book.  I ended up caving in when I realized I could get a lot of the older books for which I was searching on a Kindle.  I am usually interested in books written in the early 1900s.  Sometimes I could find a used paperback copy for a reasonable price, but more and more often I could either not find any copies, or the prices of the available copies were just too high.  Now that I have read a handful of books on the Kindle, I find that I really enjoy it.  The lighting is perfect -- I don't need to sit by a lamp.  I can read in bed much more easily because I don't have to hold pages open or have the bedside lamp on (my husband gets to sleep).  The Kindle easily fits in my purse and my purse is not big.  When we traveled I used to make room for 3 or 4 books.  Now I can have loads of books with which to travel and not lose room in my carryon.  And for some reason the Kindle is very non-tiring for my eyes.  I don't know if it is the size of the print, the amount of print per line, or what, but I do not get eye fatigue.
I finally bought a Kindle - its a Paperwhite.  I thought the product must be very mature by now, after so many generations. I was wrong.My main experience with touchscreen is as a iPhone/iPad user.  I understand this is a different technology, but when Kindle skips a few pages with one quick swipe or touch, or actually go back a page with a swipe to the left, I think the blame has to be shared by both its software design and unreliable hardware.There is no gesture to skip a few pages at a time.  An e-ink page doesnt generate very fast.  No one reads several pages within a second anyway.  So why not interpret whatever number of touches or swipes the unreliable hardware seems to register within a short time (say 1/2 sec or so) as one touch or swipe, which would then solve the problem of skipping several pages at a time?Perhaps my Paperwhite has defective touchscreen (it also doesnt register touches or swipes reliably - maybe as much as 50% of the touches are not registered by Kindle, making typing notes or highlighting passages a painful experience), but I have seen many reports of the same issue.  The quality control is suspect, and the hardware is horribly unreliable.  Maybe not all Kindles have this problem, but too many people have reported the same issue.  Amazon can and should do better.UPDATE: After calling Amazon and describing the issues, a replacement was sent next day.  This replacements touchscreen has performed much better, so the rating is upgraded from 2 to 4 stars.
After having some non-product performance purchase issues resolved, I can honestly say that this model and generation of Kindle is really nice. Navigation is simple, the screen back light and font contrast makes for easy reading and battery life is exceptional; I plug mine in once a week before the battery has barely depleted. Storage is expansive and there are many titles available for Kindle that are free or for a dollar or two. Multiple Kindles automatically sync when reading, so any unit can be picked up and it will indicate the same progress in a book.I was so please with my Kindle, I purchased one for my wife who generally avoids digital devices. She had no problem with the navigation system, she has gotten back to enjoying reading and she even takes her Kindle with her on appointments where waiting is anticipated. My wife and I set up a Prime family account with multiple libraries where we can share without duplicate cost.
I love it so  much - I was worried I wouldn't like the way it reads but in reality it's so similar to reading a book! The features are really cool, too, like being able to select a word I don't know and it tells me the definition. It's really wonderful and I love reading on it so much I bought a busload of books on the first day haha.
I've had a first generation kindle for many years now, & enjoyed it very much. My wife gifted me with the paper white...and I am still getting used to it.  Pluses: There's no doubt about the enhanced readability of the paper white; backlighting is certainly superior to the pull-out lighting of the kindle. It is lighter; the battery life longer; ordering new books is a bit simpler...no need to turn on wireless, etc.  I have to spend more time learning about its increased capabilities...oh; and the font sizes seem a bit smaller than the comparable kindle size, although I seem to have no trouble accommodating to it. Meanwhile, I'm still using both, since I have a ton of books archived in the old kindle.
Eh. it works.I had bought it because i wanted to read financial statments.  you know going to the edgar data base fro mthe sec website. and read the 10k's and 10q's  from companies.and when i was purchasing the kindle there was an option for "3g internet"  which i was like hey i am going to be going to the sec website and getting pdfs often so i amy as well see if it will allow me to use the internet to do that without having to use my computer.well turns out the internet they give is not able to go to the sec.gov website.  it requires me to connect to my home internet.so if your like hey i could use that internet to help.  it definatly is not worth the 70 dollars for the 3g internet.other wise it does what it says it would do and it has a really easy tutorial to follow!
This is everything that I was looking for and love that I can read outside and not have the issues of a glare or not being able to see what I am reading. On the flip side I love the back light that allows me to stay outside and reading even when it has gotten dark. I would recommend this to anyone. The only down side is the white color version that I got seems to get dirty quickly and the white does not clean off as easily.
