I don't know what they called certified refurbished, but all i received was a severly dented and scratched phone with a new screen. Also, it won't even turn on! DON'T BUY AND WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY ON THIS.
I ordered the iPhone 6 64 gigabyte and looking through the package, the iPhone is freaking bent. Wasted my time and money. AVOID LIKE HERPES
The phone was in okay shape. Some dings around the camera area but it was marked STOLEN when we tried to activate it. Haven't been able to activate it yet but we will keep you posted.
Phone constantly crashes. Battery is junk. Sold me a piece of junk and I want my money back. Don't buy. Spend the extra cash and go through a decent company
I bought 2 iPhones with this seller, both have problems and I can't return them.
box came empty
Dont waste your time! They sent me a locked phone that I can't even use!!! It literally says unlocked in the description but my phone is VERY LOCKED. I can't get it turned on..
I received the package but when I opened the box I did not have the cell phone, I need the cell phone or to get the money back
I brought this phone for my younger brother, everything was fine until I took the phone to the cell phone carrier, they told me who ever had the phone before had bill they still haven't paid off from T-Mobile so they can't turn the phone on
Update: The seller you purchase this from makes a huge difference! My original review is below for the first device i purchased. It came with a 30 day return policy. I wish Amazon separated devices to be sold my seller so the review would be true to the actual product and seller. The second device was from Chubbiestech. Amazing! Packaging was professional looking and the phone looked brand new. It charged up wonderfully and the battery is fantastic so far. It came with a 90 day warranty through Amazon and he seller which is awesome as well. So glad I took another chance and bought from this seller. I highly recommend them if you do decide to buy this refurb. It's a bonus that it's an actual "Amazon certified refurbished" product.Original review: I gave two stars because the return process was awesome. I received the product as a gift for my mother. When I opened the box a generic cord and cube were available as described. The phone looked amazing, no scratches dents, or dust. No signs of wear at all. The phone arrived complelty dead. Took an entire 12 hours on a genuine apple cord, which I own, until it finally turned on. Set up was easy and wifi worked great. The battery seemed to be lacking from the beginning. I have purchased a refurbished phone before and it lasted years with no issues. This phone would not hold a charge, would go from 0% to 40% quickly then die as soon as you unplugged it. After two weeks it finally could no longer be unplugged if you wanted to receive calls or texts because it would go from 100% charge to off. I tried resetting the phone, complelty erasing everything, nothing worked. At the end of the return period I finally was able to get it back from my mom so we could send it. For the cost of the phone I expected so much more. I am thankful I purchased through Amazon because the returns are always hassle free. I suggest looking inotnseler information before purchasing.
I don't know what they called certified refurbished, but all i received was a severly dented and scratched phone with a new screen. Also, it won't even turn on! DON'T BUY AND WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY ON THIS.
I ordered the iPhone 6 64 gigabyte and looking through the package, the iPhone is freaking bent. Wasted my time and money. AVOID LIKE HERPES
The phone was in okay shape. Some dings around the camera area but it was marked STOLEN when we tried to activate it. Haven't been able to activate it yet but we will keep you posted.
Phone constantly crashes. Battery is junk. Sold me a piece of junk and I want my money back. Don't buy. Spend the extra cash and go through a decent company
I bought 2 iPhones with this seller, both have problems and I can't return them.
box came empty
Dont waste your time! They sent me a locked phone that I can't even use!!! It literally says unlocked in the description but my phone is VERY LOCKED. I can't get it turned on..
I received the package but when I opened the box I did not have the cell phone, I need the cell phone or to get the money back
I brought this phone for my younger brother, everything was fine until I took the phone to the cell phone carrier, they told me who ever had the phone before had bill they still haven't paid off from T-Mobile so they can't turn the phone on
Update: The seller you purchase this from makes a huge difference! My original review is below for the first device i purchased. It came with a 30 day return policy. I wish Amazon separated devices to be sold my seller so the review would be true to the actual product and seller. The second device was from Chubbiestech. Amazing! Packaging was professional looking and the phone looked brand new. It charged up wonderfully and the battery is fantastic so far. It came with a 90 day warranty through Amazon and he seller which is awesome as well. So glad I took another chance and bought from this seller. I highly recommend them if you do decide to buy this refurb. It's a bonus that it's an actual "Amazon certified refurbished" product.Original review: I gave two stars because the return process was awesome. I received the product as a gift for my mother. When I opened the box a generic cord and cube were available as described. The phone looked amazing, no scratches dents, or dust. No signs of wear at all. The phone arrived complelty dead. Took an entire 12 hours on a genuine apple cord, which I own, until it finally turned on. Set up was easy and wifi worked great. The battery seemed to be lacking from the beginning. I have purchased a refurbished phone before and it lasted years with no issues. This phone would not hold a charge, would go from 0% to 40% quickly then die as soon as you unplugged it. After two weeks it finally could no longer be unplugged if you wanted to receive calls or texts because it would go from 100% charge to off. I tried resetting the phone, complelty erasing everything, nothing worked. At the end of the return period I finally was able to get it back from my mom so we could send it. For the cost of the phone I expected so much more. I am thankful I purchased through Amazon because the returns are always hassle free. I suggest looking inotnseler information before purchasing.
I got this iPhone 6, open the box and there was the accesorios but no iphone. I'm very disappointed
Not compatible with metro pcs or T-Mobile network,don't waste your time and money on buying this.
Got the phone let it charger so I thought over night and .......NOTHING the phone didn't even come on I was EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED  I END UP FINDING ANOTHER SELLER SAME EXACT PHONE FOR LESS AND IT WORKS!!!!
I bought the phone in December 2016 and it is now April 2017 and Apple informed me that the battery has reached the end of its life and they are charging me $80 to replace it.
My wife and I have both purchased refurb/recertified iPhone 6 from the same seller now, and we have both been extremely happy with our purchases. My 128GB iPhone 6 and her 64GB iPhone 6S looked brand new, and included a cable and charger. They both work and perform perfectly on our T-Mobile service plan.My wife has been an iPhone user for a few years now, her original being the 16GB iPhone 5C.  I was hesitant to move from my Windows 10 device.  As poorly-populated as the Windows store is, I really loved the device.  It worked perfectly and I never had any problems with it.  That is, until I started a new job and the ran into problems with Windows 10's inability to play nicely with their management software for access to things like my corporate Email/Calendar and WiFi access.I still miss my live-tiles, but other than that the move has been seamless.  All our music is in Microsoft's Groove service, but the iPhone's Groove app works perfectly - actually seems a little smoother even.  I still use OneDrive to access my personal and corporate files.  My office's device management software installed without a hitch as well and I'm able to do both my personal Email/Calendaring (Gmail) as well as my office's Email/Calendaring (Office365).I tip my hat to Apple - I love my iPhone.  It feels solid, both in the physical state and in the performance state.  The AppStore is seemingly endless.  It took almost no time at all to learn my way around, and there were literally no growing pains or learning curves to deal with what-so-ever.I'm thankful for the Amazon seller we purchased from - BREED.  As I said above, both devices looked and felt brand new.  They've both since updated to the latest version of the iOS, and we haven't had a problem with either unit.  Thank you to Amazon and BREED for their wonderful refurb/recertified device service and an affordable price.
The phone is as good as new without any scratches. Until now it's been working great. As described, it came with a generic charger and cable without any headphones. The only problem is that it does not seem unlocked. It is not recognizing GSM SIM outside of country.
I bought this phone and its not unlock. it's currently in Venezuela and has the iCloud as joonkim99@msn.com. I need to have the password or the money refunded
Phone came on time and was in very good condition . One scratch on the bottom next to the head phone socket but no big deal. Don't get so terrified by the reviews
I ordered an iPhone 6 and received an iPhone 5. Not very happy considering I'm a first time iPhone user.
The refurbish process for iPhones is not good.  Bought two of these and they broke after about 4 months of basic use.  I guess they were broken the first time for a reason.  Once it is a lemon it is always a lemon.  The screens on both of these quit responding to touch even after complete software reset.  Apple want $300 to fix it right.  These are a rip off.
Good  I  All night long
purchased for my father. got here one day late. no big deal. phone was unlocked. item came well packaged with all listed items. plus one glass screen protector and one plastic screen protector. not sure if it was a amazon freebie or seller freebie. was able to set up phone no problem. and great price. why buy a phone somewhere else and risk it. I will definitely buy another phone from amazon without a second thought.
So I wanted to wait a while before reviewing, just in case. It's now been about 6 weeks since my purchase and the phone works perfect. No issues whatsoever. And it was in brand new condition when I received it. I will be ordering another for myself very soon, the one I purchased was for my daughter.
Purchased from the Amazon Warehouse.  This is not a review of the iPhone 6 in general, just the specific phone that I ordered.  Warehouse certified that the phone was in working order, but it exhibited significant battery problems from the start.  The battery level would be listed as 100%, then the phone would shut down.  When plugged back in to charge, the battery level would show as 100% again.  Also, the battery would drop from 100% into the single digits.  When plugged back in to charge, the level would be back to 100%.
This is a review of an Amazon Certified Refurbished iPhone 6 from DealFisher (there are many 3rd party Amazon vendors who are members of the Amazon Certified Refurbished program). I chose a vendor who uses Amazon to stock and deliver for them - hence, "Fulfilled by Amazon." This is my 3rd purchase under the Amazon Certified Refurbished program. My earlier purchases were a pristine Apple Wireless Keyboard with Bluetooth (the one powered by AA batteries before they went rechargeable) and an iPhone 5s (for a friend to replace his dropped 5c). Both purchases were so pristine I decided to up my game with an iPhone 6 for myself and it arrived nearly as pristine - the back had a few wear marks, but the rear camera lens was perfect, the front screen was perfect, and since my Ringke case covers the rear, I'm happy as a clam. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THE AMAZON CERTIFIED REFURBISHED  products. Pricing is cheaper than from other sources, and quality standards are higher - "refurbished" is used very loosely outside this Amazon program, and I have NEVER had the quality from other non-Amazon, non-Amazon sellers - "refurbished" and "like new" always arrived with screen rub marks, somewhat depleted batteries, etc.There are two negatives that aren't really negatives: you get no-name chargers and cables, and no earphones. I have plenty of official Apple chargers, but official Apple cables and approved cables by Anker, not to mentions more than a few Apple Ear Pods, so I'm ok.Now, on to the phone. First, if you haven't don't so already, there is an excellent Wikipedia article specifically on the iPhone 6. Second, the very technical review on performance on Anandtech dot com is a good place to go if you are a gear head.Now, my personal observations:My iPod touch 6th gen has horrible battery life with the same A8 chip that powers this iPhone 6 (6, not 6 Plus - the 6 Plus has the A9 chip). I even replaced it at Apple once with NO improvement.This iPhone 6, on the other hand, has superb battery life. So there are other design factors affecting battery life, apparently, and the iPhone 6 is fine (yes, I know the touch has a small battery, and I am trying to allow for that).I also have an iPhone 7, which has the A10 chip - which is supposed to be much more powerful due to the progression each year from A8 =>A9 => A10, but for normal browsing and banking app use I notice no difference. So you should be pleased with this iPhone 6 in terms of performance, battery life, and screen - the screen is gorgeous. I was nervous about owning a 6, since my iPhones have been 5c, 5s, 6s Plus, and 7 - no 6 - but I shouldn't have worried.Except for "bend-gate". This is the generation that some YouTube gorillas were able to bend in their hands, and some early users reported sit-fown and bend issues as well. BUT the bad publicity died down, so either it was over-blown or Apple changed something. Just something to read up on in Wikipedia, not to scare you!SO - great refurbish standards, thanks to Amazon. When "Fulfilled by Amazon," all the goodness of Amazon shipping including Amazon Lockers. And, a fine phone, still more up to date than I am!
I want my money back! This phone is a complete waste of money! My daughter bought this phone for herself and 2 months later it completely dies on her. We took it to Apple but since it is made in Korea they are unable to fix it or give her a new phone. We want our money back!!!
So far so good.  The item came as scheduled in plain white secure box.  Inside a plastic sleeve was the iPhone 6 as ordered, the charging stuff and a piece of paper with instructions.  Did not include headphones which I did not expect nor need.  Phone was immaculate so far as I can see.  No scratches, dents, etc.  Looked new.Today, I took the ATT sim card out of my S7 and put it in the iPhone.  No issues to activate so far.  Wifi worked.  Cellular worked although I had to restart device in order to get LTE connection.  No funny messages yet reported by others.  Checking battery life as I started at 100% and when done with the software update and activation, down to 88%.  Put it on low power setting to maximize battery life now.More later.
Because new phones are so ridiculously expensive, this is what my son decided on. It came quickly, was in basically brand new shape (no marks of usage that I could see), and works perfectly. He's had it for a couple of months and there have been no issues whatsoever, and we're both very happy with the purchase.
I used the phone for a few days before writing this review.I got an Iphone 6 space gray 64GB and unlocked. It looks brand new. Just a tiny scratch in the screen but you could barely notice. Everything runs perfect EXCEPT THE BATTERY. The first couple of days the phone worked perfectly, but now suddenly dies when it reaches 30%.-UPDATE-Battery is working just fine.
It works, and it's clean. Professional packaging and it arrived fast.Downside, the battery must have not been replaced because it won't even last half a day idle. Good thing is that at least this isn't a waterproof phone and I can easily buy a battery replacement kit for less than $30 on Amazon. It really would've been great if they put new battery so it won't suffer on performance due to shit iOS's "get a new phone or your old phone will be slow" tactic aka BATTERY GATE. I figured I would run into a problem like this since it's a refurbished one anyway. It's impossible to know the performance and battery life without activating the phone. I bet a lot of people have this problem but who would actually return it once it's activated? But hey, I'm not paying a thousand for a new phone and I bought an iPhone knowing there's an ongoing battery gate controversy so I'll just suck it up and won't even bother sending a complaint.But, I chose to give it 3 stars since the price wasn't bad, it seems easy enough to replace battery, and it doesn't cost that much to buy a battery kit.  I don't "like" it, but it's okay.
Obviously refurbished product in Certified Refurbished packaging. Some minor scratches on the metal housing of the phone and it appears the screen was replaced as there is some debris trapped between the housing and the screen. No big deal, I just pushed it into the crevice. Also, home button is very 'clicky' and the 3D Touch functionality does not work. Overall, none of this is a deal breaker. I'm not expecting an Apple refurbished phone at this price.A note on Certified Refurbished packaging. Seems like phones listed in Used Condition, Not Certified Condition, are still shown as "(Certified Refurbished)" in their description, so it's a bit confusing. If you want Certified Refurbished, look at the number of offers and filter by Certified Refurbished - this should ensure you get a refurbished phone. I also chose a seller with a high number of ratings figuring they would indeed be Certified Refurbished as in the description.
First time writing a review. I hastily ordered this phone after my iPhone stopped turning on. Once I had paid for the item, I read the reviews and was prepared for the worst. But, I figured, if the phone wasn't up to par I would just return it.I've now had it a week and am thrilled.Battery life is great. No scratches or dings. As others posted, it did come with a cheaper charger, but as my existing charger is compatible I really didn't care.Based on my purchase alone, I would recommend.
I mean, sure it's an iPhone, but that's why this is three stars and not two. Find a different seller, and you may find a better deal on one of these. Also, mine came bent. It works, but MAKE NOTE OF THIS: When you buy an iPhone, if you only want it as an iPod Touch sort of device, you have to buy a SIM card to unlock the phone, even if you don't buy a plan.Does it work? Yes.Is it in Apple original packaging? No.Charger? Yes, mine came with a Third Party Verizon Lightning cable.USB to wall transformer? Well, yes, but mine sucks. It's an ancient Verizon model. I prefer my other USB transformers to this noisy one.Dead Pixels? Nope.Bent? Yes, at least mine was.64 GB? Yup.How well does it work? Mine seems to run like any other iPhone.Model? iPhone 6--not a 6s, mind you, but it is a 6.Summary: You can do better than this for price and quality. Probably, anyways.
The phone works perfectly, do not let the bad reviews change your mind, the battery is good, the SIM card connect, the audio is perfect, barely any wear on it, the shutter sound can be turned off, the screen works EVERYRHING WORKS PERFECTLY, I am so happy I went with the order.
Very nice deal. It has been everything I wanted. It came two days early and so with standard shipping took four days to ship plus I was given a 132gb phone instead of a 64gb so I can't complain. Phone was in perfect condition except for one very small ding in the bottom right hand corner and it his hard to see unless you look for it, but very impressed especially for the price! GREAT BUY 
I ordered two phones they arrived ywo days later. They were unlocked and capatiable with metro. My childrem are very HAPPY. It's been about 2 weeks and no problem. Everything works icloud, apple music, sensors everything so far. Looks good to.
Honestly, I'm pretty satisfied with this product. Despite the negative reviews, I took a risk and found myself in a happy place. My phone came safely. There were no visible scratches or whatsoever on the phone. The only disappointment here is that the phone I received was a China model, therefore, my phone had camera shuttering sounds even when the ringer was turned off. Overall, I'm have no regrets on this purchase.
I bought it as a gift for a friend who took it  out the country .  Well the phone was in perfect condition and worked fine for a couple weeks until it stopped being phone and could only text.  My friend took it to an Apple store and they said it was a hardware problem.She doesnt trust that it will be exchanged for a working phone and we dont know if we can count on they will accept the return so we can just buy a new one at the same time so not to be without anything or even being stuck paying for two phones that dont work! I guess it will just be used in silence.  Pretty costly for what it does. Lesson learned.
Really angry!  I bought the phone and gave it to my son for his 18th birthday amd so he would have it when he left for college.  He is leaving for college in a week and a half and now he doesnt even have a phone that works.  Bought the phone barely 4 months ago.  Worked fine for the first couple months with the warranty.  Now that the warranty is up, the phone completely stopped working.  Took it into the Apple store and nothing they can do.  I paid $323 to have a phone work for only 4 months.  I should have just upgraded with my phone plan, at least I would have had a better warranty and insurance plan!!!!
The outside looked like new. No complaints here.  I had to do factory restore a couple of time because it did not want to start. Now that the warranty is expired, the phone is totally dead. I kept the software updated and the battery was charged. What can I say... I'm very disappointed.
