I love to use this as a fidget/stress ball. It just feels nice to feel the tiny balls come through the mesh and between your fingers. I have only been using it for a few days but the mesh nor ball has broken yet (and I've been pretty rough with it). The size is a little misleading from the pictures but it fits in my hand perfectly, so I like it. Another con to this is it seems to be made cheaply. It is a gel squishy ball with mesh wrapped around it and held together by a zip-tie. Overall, though, I enjoy this toy and I am happy with my purchase.Update: The zip-tie finally came off. However, you can weave a twist-tie (like the ones found on loafs of bread) in and out of the mesh holes then tie it again and it is even stronger than previously. I was upset for a few minutes when it first happened. But trust me, the twist-tie was a genius thought of mine. Like I said, it's better than brand new now.Thank you for taking the time to read my review. Please remember to vote below my review if it was helpful or not helpful. If you choose to vote my review unhelpful, please leave me a brief comment so I can improve my future reviews as they are important to fellow buyers like myself.
It's tiny (think large super ball) and poorly put together with the netting it also has the huge piece of tie sticking out. I ordered two in hopes that they would ship two different colors because they don't let the you choose the colors and they sent two of the blue, disappointing. Oh and be prepared to wait 5-6 weeks because this crap comes all the way from China. Not happy and its waste of money.
This was a joke!The netting it was wrapped in was so poorly tied it looked like it was done by a dog.The was excess netting past the knot and mom of the netting then there was ball.Then within the first use the ball burst and the gross red goup went everywhere onto a brand new quilt that is now pink after washing.Sooooooo much regretting this purchase
I recived this product a few weeks early which made me happy but the fact that the net came off after 3 minutes of squeezing it made me kind of mad and then i started playing with it with out the net and it popped and stuff got all over. As  well as the picture is much bigger than the actual thing. Its about as big as a silly putty egg
This product is very deceiving. In the picture it looks like the product is a pretty large ball that is squeezed so the smaller balls are formed. Well when the ball arrived it was not as the ball on the pic. When you squeeze it you could barely see the smaller balls that it forms. Nothing like the picture where it looks like the balls and almost as big as the persons hands. Even though my hands may be a little larger than the models hands squeezing it did not give the look like the picture dose. I end up buying another ball for my son (10) because he felt it was a total let down. Especially when I seen him one day looking at the picture on Amazon and holding the product in his hand then asking me "how come it is much smaller than this one". I had no answer and promised to find him another. NOTE TO AMAZON: QC your products to where the product atleast looks like the pic shown even if the specs say the actual size get a actual pic of that size.
Boo.... broke the first day and senr=t VERY sticky goop everywhere!
They did take 3 weeks to come and within 15 min. of my daughter playing with it (10yr old) The outter mesh cover came apart. So each squishy ball is wrapped in a mesh cover held together by a zip tie. Which is not too secure. And the balls are smaller than they seem in the photo. Not really what I expected.
Poorly made. All it is, is a squishy ball with a piece of net fabric wrapped around the ball held together with a zip tie. It was a lot of left over fabric and the zip tie was kinda sharp. It ripped the same day and was not used excessively.... I do NOT recommend this. There are others better made then this was!! This is actually best described as a craft my 4 yr old made at daycare.
Took months to get here and broke that day ..
really tiny-the mesh came off almost immediately-it must be a child holding the ball in the picture or a very very small person-definitely would never recommend
I love to use this as a fidget/stress ball. It just feels nice to feel the tiny balls come through the mesh and between your fingers. I have only been using it for a few days but the mesh nor ball has broken yet (and I've been pretty rough with it). The size is a little misleading from the pictures but it fits in my hand perfectly, so I like it. Another con to this is it seems to be made cheaply. It is a gel squishy ball with mesh wrapped around it and held together by a zip-tie. Overall, though, I enjoy this toy and I am happy with my purchase.Update: The zip-tie finally came off. However, you can weave a twist-tie (like the ones found on loafs of bread) in and out of the mesh holes then tie it again and it is even stronger than previously. I was upset for a few minutes when it first happened. But trust me, the twist-tie was a genius thought of mine. Like I said, it's better than brand new now.Thank you for taking the time to read my review. Please remember to vote below my review if it was helpful or not helpful. If you choose to vote my review unhelpful, please leave me a brief comment so I can improve my future reviews as they are important to fellow buyers like myself.
It's tiny (think large super ball) and poorly put together with the netting it also has the huge piece of tie sticking out. I ordered two in hopes that they would ship two different colors because they don't let the you choose the colors and they sent two of the blue, disappointing. Oh and be prepared to wait 5-6 weeks because this crap comes all the way from China. Not happy and its waste of money.
This was a joke!The netting it was wrapped in was so poorly tied it looked like it was done by a dog.The was excess netting past the knot and mom of the netting then there was ball.Then within the first use the ball burst and the gross red goup went everywhere onto a brand new quilt that is now pink after washing.Sooooooo much regretting this purchase
I recived this product a few weeks early which made me happy but the fact that the net came off after 3 minutes of squeezing it made me kind of mad and then i started playing with it with out the net and it popped and stuff got all over. As  well as the picture is much bigger than the actual thing. Its about as big as a silly putty egg
This product is very deceiving. In the picture it looks like the product is a pretty large ball that is squeezed so the smaller balls are formed. Well when the ball arrived it was not as the ball on the pic. When you squeeze it you could barely see the smaller balls that it forms. Nothing like the picture where it looks like the balls and almost as big as the persons hands. Even though my hands may be a little larger than the models hands squeezing it did not give the look like the picture dose. I end up buying another ball for my son (10) because he felt it was a total let down. Especially when I seen him one day looking at the picture on Amazon and holding the product in his hand then asking me "how come it is much smaller than this one". I had no answer and promised to find him another. NOTE TO AMAZON: QC your products to where the product atleast looks like the pic shown even if the specs say the actual size get a actual pic of that size.
Boo.... broke the first day and senr=t VERY sticky goop everywhere!
They did take 3 weeks to come and within 15 min. of my daughter playing with it (10yr old) The outter mesh cover came apart. So each squishy ball is wrapped in a mesh cover held together by a zip tie. Which is not too secure. And the balls are smaller than they seem in the photo. Not really what I expected.
Poorly made. All it is, is a squishy ball with a piece of net fabric wrapped around the ball held together with a zip tie. It was a lot of left over fabric and the zip tie was kinda sharp. It ripped the same day and was not used excessively.... I do NOT recommend this. There are others better made then this was!! This is actually best described as a craft my 4 yr old made at daycare.
Took months to get here and broke that day ..
really tiny-the mesh came off almost immediately-it must be a child holding the ball in the picture or a very very small person-definitely would never recommend
Loved them for about an hour. Within an hour the mesh came undone. Within a day one of them popped and the insides oozed out, not good with special needs children, or any children under the age of 10 years old. Very disappointed as they were a lot of fun for a while and not cheap at all.
These were TERRIBLE ....I ordered 4 and they all broke and the goo was everywhere. Very Very cheap, only a piece of net over the gel ball.  The quality was horrible, and very dangerous for any child to play with.  DO NOT BUY
Bad quaility fell apart after two days. First the net broke then the ball had a hole in it. Dont buy tgis
This is the best desk toy I have owned to date.  Yes, it will break, but it's so cheap I can just keep buying it over and over again.  Love it!
I HATE THIS PRODUCT! I CAME WITH A HOLE IN IT AND IN LESS THAN TWO HOURS THE BLACK NET BROKE!!! THEN ONE HOUR LATER THE BALL INSIDE POPPED AND IT REVEALED A SEMI DRIED UP SLIME!!!! THE SLIME WASNT EVEN FUN TO PLAY WITH!!!!!!
broke right away VERY cheaply made
Netting broke within 10 minutes, actual ball broke within 2 days. Wouldnt buy again. Wouldnt recommend anyone else to buy either. Its a crap product.
Harder than it looks!
These were much smaller than in the picture. I thought they would fill up a whole hand but they were about the size of a golf ball. Also the netting breaks easily. I had to tie it back on using string.
Smaller than i thiught it would be but still works just as good
its ok but i squished it a little bit and in poped but the slime that came out was fun to play with
A great way to relieve stress! Material is soft and when squeezed changes color! Handed them out to coworkers.
I thought they would be bigger. After a few days, it ended up coming out of the material. It was fun for my son while it lasted.
Daughter had this for 2 days before it sprung a leak. She ended up patching the hole with E6000 glue but very nervous to let her play with it anymore.
When my daughter open the package, one of the black net was already broken on the mesh ball, therefore; she could not get the satisfaction she was looking for, she was very disappointed.My daughter received the mesh balls on Saturday, November 18, by Tuesday November 21 the black net was broken on the other three mesh Balls as well.
Fun toy, but the mesh broke after only a few uses. I guess we were too stressed.
They all popped within a few days. The zip tie had a rough edge on it as well. Disappointed.
GARBAGE BUSTED WITHIN HOURS OF RECEIVING DO NOT BUY WORTHLESS
nice stress reliever!
Fun to squish. My daughter enjoyed it but the netting came undone. Ended in the trash.
This product came broken and it leaked. I had to throw it in the garbage and it was too small! This was definitely not worth my money!
I do not think that it was smaller than advertised since it was shown in a picture. It is rather cheaply made, but it is definitely worth the amount shown and not overpriced in the least. It is a very good stress reliever! I took off the zip tie and it was very squishy and soothing.
I just received this and I love it. Its a great fidget toy. My only problem is that it smells kinda funky and it makes squelshing noises when you squeeze it. Otherwise, it's perfect, especially for such a low price
The mesh that was around the ball  came undone about two hours after we got it out of the mail.
My 10 year old received an amazon gift card.  He ordered one of these and it took a month to arrive.  Very tiny!!  With a huge white zip tie holding it together!  Absolutely ridiculous!!  DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY!!!
The mesh bag it came it came open after my kids played with it for awhile.
Both broke in a day
This item took forever to be delivered (4 wks)  It is not hand sized as the picture shows. It measures 2 inches by 1/2 inch. Do not waste your money. Go to the Dollar Store.
Horrible product.  Purchased for my daughter, 10 years old (she found it on amazon and I did not read reviews like I normally would) within the first two minutes of her playing with it the net broke.  Then two minutes later the sack broke and she was covered in goo.  Dont purchase.
They don't show the zip tie holding it together which ends up puncturing the item.  Do not purchase!!!
I purchased this to strengthen my right hand.
great product!!
DO NOT BUY THIS. It said it would ship in 2 weeks and it got delivered in 4. And once I got it and played with it for a few minutes, it popped. One positive was that when I emailed they seller, they were very nice. Overall 2 stars
Popped as soon as i let my older brother squish it all the stress in him because of college killed the ball. R.I.P Stressberry.
Showed up with a hole in it.  Totally worthless, but the price should have told me that
This toy was cheap and only lasted a couple of minutes before it leaked all over the place.  My son was so disappointed.
broke after the 1st day
smaller then i thought and it broke in less then 24hrs
Cheaply made. Daughter was disappointed.
Broke within an hour.
it said i would get blue but it came out pink and orange. pretty squishy great for relaxation its not as big as the picturehope this helped
Not worth it, granted it was very inexpensive but it did not look like picture and broke after 10 minutes.
This is tiny!!!  Looking at the child's hand who is squishing it makes it seem much much bigger. My granddaughter still loved it so that's why it gets three stars.  I thought it was strange that the mesh was held together with a zip tie though seemed kind of cheap if you ask me.
Terrible product last 20 minute before it broke, waste of money
broke in one day, much smaller than shown in pics, stay away, waste of 2 dollars
Total junk not worth a penny!
Kind of cheap and broke the 2nd day
Not worth the money. The mesh is secured with a zip tie, mesh comes loose within a day of using it.
It was cool and fun for the first day or two it lasted. Then a hole appeared and all the insides gooshed out. It was much smaller than anticipated and for the price, it was definitely a case of "You get what you pay for".
It's okay but one busted so I gave it 4 stars because it busted
Not worth the $$. They said one pack and it was one.... period... one ball. No pack to it. Cheap!!
Fun to squeeze, but pops easily. Might be better for older children or make sure nails are cut.
Not as pictured. Barely bigger than ping pong ball. It's like stuff leaked out, but no gooey mess in box.
liked everything
This is not worth buying it only lasted a half of a day and it popped open and was a mess. Waste of money.
Broke within seconds wasn't even playing with it rough barley squeeze it and it feels fragile the neting fell apart first
My kids loved these, but they broke really quickly.
Took forever to get it! It's literally a net/mesh over a jelly like blob/ball.
Waste of money!!! It was tiny and a big disappointment.
It was alright. The smell of plastic was way too strong. I should of bought something more accustomed to my type of anger. This did absolutely nothing for something like deep frustration or what ever.
The netting was loose and coming off when I pulled it out of the package.  My son was able to play with it for 1 1/2 days before it sprang a leak.  My son is not a rough kid.
Different form the picture. Not satisfactory.
My daughter loves this. It helps her concentrate in class
I ORDER THE COLOR THAT YOU SEE THERE AND I RECEIVED A SMALL ORANGE I DONT KNOW WHAT IT IS.
This is not what the picture looks like! Do not buy this item. It is bad quality and not what I ordered.
Did not last a day!
Cool at first but popped shortly after purchase
It popped the first day my son used it.
Broke fast
EhSmaller than I thoughtSlightly bigger than a kumquatZip tie was weirdI stress mine it hasnt broken yet
These have a foul plastic odor and they are sticky. I had to throw them in the trash can and my child was very disappointed.
Even with the dimensions being given to us, it looks smaller than what is in the picture.
This product came damaged.
Lasted less than 4 hours. Don't buy this if you're actually stressed and looking to squeeze and manipulate something.
i squished it one time and it popped and went everywhere and its not a easy clean up but i also didnt even get to enjoy it.
DIsgusting smell. I threw it away upon receiving.
Ordered this 7 months ago and its "on its way"
What a waste if money!  Took forever to ship.  When it got here it ruptured within a few hours.  Do not waste your money.
The ball I was sent is filled half way and then secured with a white plastic zip tie. It is nothing like the listing and must be a joke. See the picture. I want a refund immediately!
Was okay until it ruptured goo all over me, on the first day I was using it
This busted less than 30 minutes after giving it to my teen nephew as a gift. Don't waste your money.
Will never buy again poorly maed not worth it
its so fun to squish
worst item to buys
Popped in 1 day ! Waste
the mesh came off
Way smaller then I expected and fell apart within 5 minutes.
This is a piece of slime type material with a black mesh zip ties to it. Poor quality. Disappointing.
This thing is trash it popped usually the mesh sucked and stay on dont waste your money on this
It sucks
Grea relaxer
Nice but not very sturdy.
My son punctured it within minutes of finding it.
The seal broke on the first day. You can tell it's super cheaply made
i love this squeeze toy it is so fun and cool
This toy is about the size of a golf ball, it got boring for my son after 10 minutes.
the seam of the ball might get a hole if you poke at it then slime will come out
Daughter popped it after 2 days. She's 9 yrs old
These came apart after a few uses
Broke with 2 squeezes
Smells weird
This was much smaller than expected.  Mine was orange and black.
Popped after a week
Do not waste your money on this junk! When it came it was already leaked!
Trash. Just trash.
Mesh not secure poorly constructed with tiny zip tie
This squishy is acually very small you would think that it would be bigger.
Not the actual product pictured. Cheap knock off. One color with mesh secured with a tie wrap.
Really good for stress toy
Bad quality
Fell apart to easily.
It smelled so bad that I immediately threw them away!!!
This was the smallest thing ever and it broke after not one day of having it!!!! Horrible buy.
It broke open on day 1 
This broke open within 2 hours...
I got it really late and it broke the first day I had it
This is a piece of junk!
Broke before I even got it.
Good
Doesn't change color  And came 2 months late
It was alot smaller than i expected
I got it in the mail earlier than it said but an hour later the netting broke off then another hour later the putty inside started to ooze out!!!! DO NOT BUY!!!
IT HAS WAY TO MUCH EXTRA NET AND IS SMALLER THAN HALF MY PALM AND ISNT EVEN GOOD IT CAME DIRTY!!!NOT EVEN AN INCH LONG
Toes popped or just evaporated, everyday the shrunk a little more... not worth it
If you have nerve damage to your hands, I would recommend the removal of the mesh as it irritates. Great hand therapy. My only complaint is that shipping took more than 30 days and that is unacceptable to me as an on-line shopper.
Slime came out after 2 days. Not good quality.
The ball is tiny, much smaller than it looks in the picture - not big enough for an adult to use. and the fabric is just ziptied over it! The excess fabric is just hanging off the side and the ziptie isn't even trimmed. This is a worthless piece of junk and doesn't look anything like what is advertised. This destress-ball is stressing me out. I am asking for a refund.
It broke in 2 days.  It was fun until it broke
I got this to use after my carpal tunnel surgery to rebuild that hand and wrist. It does that fine and it's entertaining watching the "grapes" come out when you squeeze. My grandkids love it too.
They look like they are a normal size in the photo but when you get them they are very tiny. The photo must be taken with the hand of a one year old infant or some type of pygmy... We thought we were getting like shown but recieved ugly red orange ones that were itty bitty... like golf ball size.
Very poor quality product. The black mesh was held together by a zip tie. My 7 year old had it pulled apart in minutes. He had a total meltdown over it. This item is not ideal for children on the Autism Spectrum or ADHD.
This is a piece of JUNK! I have bought others at similar priice that were the right siize, thios is SO small! It is closed together with a zip tie. DON'T bother to buy this!
Boo!! This product is not good. It broke within 2 or 3 days! And it's smaller than expected... the net was also broken when it came. I with they had a negative star rating... 
Absolutely nothing as I thought it would be. It came in with extra net hanging off of it with just a little piece of plastic holding it together, mine also came in three weeks late. It latter broke the following day
It's super small! It looks much bigger in the picture. Has a LOT of extra net that is super annoying. It's hard to squish (for me). I believe I ordered purple but it's green...? And it doesn't change color. Muuch better without the net
Super small.. I feel like it's going to burst when I squeeze it.
Daughter loves it. Very cheaply made. It was tied together with a zip tie.. lol.  Neve the less it's fun.
I really liked it until it started leaking.  I wish they were made more sturdy. This is the second one I've had that's busted. One was another brand, to be fair.
tiny and popped all the goo out within a couple minutes
Don't waste your money. First of all it took a month to arrive! The mesh is wrapped around the ball and secured with a zip tie and a whole bunch of extra netting hanging off. Ball broke within one hour of receiving. Crap.
Horrible!!! Very small and cheaply made. My son had it for an hour and it popped. Also it showed the color blue and we recieved orange.
This item was awesome looking, my kids love slime. Unfortunately the item broke within 2 days. Oh well.
The picture here hides the fact that the screen material that makes the ball bulge out in little balls is only zip tied on.  So you have a zip tie and loose material.  Not at all good for kids with sensory issues.
Way smaller then we we thought.
Almost what I was looking for, but thought it might be larger.  Made well and would buy again.
This is garbage.  The mesh is held together with a zip tie which digs into your hand when you squeeze.  HORRIBLE.  DO NOT BUY!
This is a ball wrapped inside some mesh and ziptied.  It is awful
SUCKS---busted open after 5 days
This item was much smaller than depicted and did not change color when squeezed. It is pretty much a squishy ball in a net secured with a zip tie. Cheap, but not a deal.
they are quite a bit smaller than this picture depicts. also, it took 6 days longer than the latest date for the shipment to arrive. was supposed to arrive between Mar 29-Apr 5, but didn't arrive until April 11.
SUCH A GOOD STRESS RELEIVER
I bought two. One for each of my daughters. They both popped the second day they had them. Not to mention it took over a month to get them. Don't buy!
I bought 2 and they were both broken within a week.
These were really disgusted- I bought another brand previously, which were awesome- these however smelled like cheap plastic and just touching them, I felt like I would get cancer. Do not buy- especially for children!!!
Small, and came with a damn zip tie holding the net on. Low quality, and takes forever to arrive.
It took over a month to arrive, and when I finally got it i started to laugh, its soooo small.
stress ball good
Daughter loved it but after almost a three week wait to get it the covering came undone after one day.
its so small and breaks easily mine came with an uncut zip tie and really cheaply made i just cut all the black off and cut the zip tie off overall i think its good for the price
It broke the second day my daughter got it. Would not purchase it again
in the picture it was hudge and the net and the ball broke by the time is got to my office very un satisfied please take this down and bring this back when it has improved
Great
Terrible. Had a bulg and as soon as my grand daughter squeezed it it started leaking.  She was so excited and had waited over 3 weeks.
Popped the first time I used it. I didn't even noticed it popped till I felt wet stuff on my hand and it turned out to be the slime in the ball pouring out.
Fun for a couple days until it busted on me while I was on a call with a customer. The bring green goo was cool looking.
Just got mine and its wayyyyy smaller than expected and is tied with a sharp zip tie and the balloon is dirty ig its fine because mine was 1.67
This thing really sucks. It's so small. DO NOT BUY!!!!
Great tool, kids love i!!
All of the reviews were terrible and I tried to talk my daughter out of it. It busted within a few hours. Junk.
The one I got was not "grape"/purple-green, but rather orange and yellow, and ruptured within 2 hours of it arriving.
it burst 3 days later we received it.
This item is very small. The pictures are not true to size. The diameter of the ball is about 1 inch.
Busted after 4 days....   My daughter was so disappointed.
It popped same day we got it
This came in a totally different color and we were disappointed in the quality.
I love it but it has a zip tie and it's so small  
Its okey. i ordered a green and blue, well what was suppost to be green and blue, its still fun to squish, but could be alot better. it turned out to be red.if it was supppost to change color, well it doesnt.it does give your hand quet the work out though. its also alot smaller
It was very small and not even trimmed. Not useful!
It was a gift and the kid loved it.
much smaller than appears online
this is super cool
Very misleading. It is about half the size as in the pic
Size of an egg and broke the day it came, while my 9 year old was squeezing it.. beats the purpose of a stress ball!
Sadly, the mesh top is held together with a zip tie.  That comes right off.  We ordered three of these balls, and all three came apart the first night.  Don't bother with these, go to Target instead, where the mesh top is securely fastened.
It's alright, I was expecting the spikes to be on the sides but there were none. It had a huge tail so I cut it off. When you play with it the net stretches. It Is very good for stress relieving and it is fun to play with. When I was taking the photos it broke.
Appeared to be hand made. Was held shut with a zip tie. About the size if a quarter.
don't expect this to last long, but my daughter loves it
Don't buy this it's a waste of your money mine popped the same day I got it and it's not as big as it says in the picture it is not worth nine dollars P.S  I was really mad that I had to put a star because I wish I could just  give the review zero stars
My son wanted to get it for a long time.  The mesh was partially outside of the black plastic ring, I spend 5 min fixing it.  Then next day, yellow slime came out of a hole.  Trash!
It was so much smaller than advertised. Next, I only squeezed it two or three times before it popped plus I was being really soft with it. Also in the picture it shows that when you squeeze it it becomes a different color don't fall for this it is not true when I squeeze my it was blue plus outside with blue as well don't buy this it's a waste of money please don't waste your money. Thank you for taking your time to read my review I hope you take my advice.
