I've been using the 300 dpi Paperwhite for over two years and decided to spoil myself with the new 32 GB WiFi Kindle Oasis E-reader. I'm an avid reader with over 500 books just on Amazon.The Kindle Oasis arrived well-packaged in an attractive sealed black box. The first thing I noticed was the sleek glassy surface and thin asymmetrical aluminum construction. Unfortunately, while the Oasis is lighter, the larger size makes it awkward to carry or slip in a pocket. The first thing I did was to buy a MoKo Case to avoid dropping and trashing my expensive new toy. The smaller Paperwhite sports a rubberized exterior providing a far more secure grip.The Oasis already had a half charge on it so it was good to go right out of the box. But there is no charger! Let me repeat that--my $300 ultra-luxury E-reader came without the standard ten dollar charger, only a short USB cord.It took five minutes to link up to my WiFi and Amazon account, adjust the local time and resurrect my library. The only instructions are on the device itself, but it's a no-brainer. Amazon had a software update available that only took a few minutes to download and reboot.The display on the Oasis has a slightly creamy tone when compared to the bright white Paperwhite. The Oasis display is perfectly even across the entire screen; the Paperwhite has a very slight "shadow" at the bottom. The 7-inch screen is significantly larger than the 6-inch Paperwhite screen. I examined the typeface through a loupe and the letters themselves appear identical on both devices.I bought my Oasis with the "special offers," but I quickly found them annoying. I removed the special offers by linking to my on-line Amazon account and coughing up an additional $20.Reading is a joy on the new Oasis. The larger screen and physical page-turn buttons allow you to read one handed and avoid the usual screen taps. The software is almost identical on both devices, though the Oasis allows you to (finally!) access audio books though Bluetooth. I couldn't get my earbuds to link, but Bluetooth is kinda touchy and I'll try it on other stuff, especially my car.One HUGE improvement is that the Oasis is waterproof! This is key for me as I read even while soaking in the tub (TMI). The Paperwhite hates even a droplet of water. One workaround for the Paperwhite is the tough Meritcase Waterproof Case, though it makes screen operation a bit clunky.IN CONCLUSION:Both the 300 dpi Paperwhite and new Kindle Oasis are terrific E-readers. If you have some "stupid money" to throw around, the Oasis is the Rolls Royce of the e-reader world, sporting an elegant waterproof construction and Bluetooth connectivity. But for normal folks, the 300 dpi Paperwhite is an excellent purchase, nearly as good with some superior features at a fraction of the price. I'm dinging the Oasis one star for the over-the-top price tag, mediocre battery life and not including a charger.
Starting with the first gen Kindle, I've owned every advanced model that Amazon has released. Each generation has been a further refinement of Amazon's design philosophy for Kindle: make the device disappear from the experience of reading. First they did it by trimming size and weight. Then came the illuminated screen, eliminating the need for separate lights. Voyager trimmed size and weight further from the Paperwhite, while adding auto-adjusting illumination. Then came the advances of last year's Oasis, which retained the same 6" screen size, but packaged it in an impossibly light, thin and small case designed to be held with one hand. Some grumbled about the battery being split between the Oasis and its cover, but the 2016 Oasis came the closest yet to disappearing while reading.Flash forward one year, and Amazon seems to have abandoned this philosophy completely with the 2017 "New" Oasis, a Kindle seemingly designed to uncomfortably remind you that you're holding a reading device in your hands. It does this in several ways. First, with a significantly bulked up size and weight--it looks and feels much bigger than you'd think compared to the 2016 Oasis, and it's just plain heavy to hold in one hand for extended periods of time. Sure, that weight is fairly well-balanced, but that's like hearing, "Oh, but it's dry heat!" when the temp hits 115 degrees.Second, the added carry-weight of the new Oasis is made worse by the very slippery feel of the new aluminum body, which forces you to grip it more tightly, and that becomes uncomfortable in longer reading sessions. This is definitely not a Kindle that ever disappears in your hands. I've seen some complaints about sharp edges, too, but that was not my experience. I've read that Amazon was going for a more "premium" feeling with this switch to aluminum, but I'm not sure what that means when every cheap tablet out of China has an aluminum body. It's also a foolish design goal for a Kindle, where priority should be given to materials that are comfortable to hold in-hand for hours at a time. And finally, this aluminum body is cold to the touch, about as unbook-like a reading experience as you can have. The ergonomics, in summary, scream to remind you that you're holding a device.So, is there anything I liked about the New Oasis? Yes, and that's what makes it especially disappointing: the 7" screen is really great, and has the immediate feeling of being the "right" size for a Kindle screen. My old Oasis and Voyager now look cramped by comparison. The larger screen somehow makes the experience of reading feel "roomier" and more relaxing--and perhaps this is just because it's closer to the page size in a real book. My new Oasis did not have the screen lighting issues some have reported but, as I've read elsewhere, the background does appear to be less white than previous Kindles, but that change actually looks more like printing on a paper page to my eye.My hope for the next gen Kindle is something like a 7" Voyager form-factor, but one that narrows bezels as much as possible for a smaller size, while using materials chosen for light weight and a comfortable feeling in the hand. In the meantime, my new Kindle Oasis will be going back to Amazon, and it's the first next-gen Kindle that I've ever returned. That should tell you a lot. Thanks for taking the time to read my review and I hope you find it helpful in making a buying decision.
For the 2017 Kindle Oasis the answer seems to be yes-Heres why-One of the first things you notice, after the size increase, is the total look and feel of quality:Refined aluminum outer shell that will resist scratches.Page turn buttons-similar to the last Oasis version.Well balanced when in the hand.The lighting seems to be the best that the Kindle team has put forward yet- It seems they have taken prior criticism to heart and made a focus on making the lighting as flawless as possible.Overall fit and finish-this thing looks and feels refined. You get the same sense of quality you get when you pick up an Ipad (whether you like Apple or not).Faster page turns.Lighting/ Screen quality:Amazon must have taken poor reviews on some other models to heart and focused on eliminating these issues. Now with 12 LED bulbs, the lighting is more uniform than any prior unit. Far better than the Paperwhite (while decent for the money- the Oasis is far better). I would rank the Voyage as having a more even screen than my 2016 Oasis-The 2017 OASIS HAS THE BEST SCREEN YET).The screen has a warmer hue than the Paperwhite, Voyage or Oasis 1.No visible light cones.7 screen displays more text for less page flips.Graphics look better-small print displayed better.Inverted White/ Black option is nice change that displays less light...good for some that read in bed with partners.The Kindle team set the reading plane lower in the device(the glass is thicker) the eliminate light cones. The addition of 2 more LED units makes for the most even lighting possible.  A one inch screen size really makes a difference in the reading experience-I stopped reading on my Old Oasis and Voyage after getting this unit...ABSOLUTELY FLAWLESS! While the other Kindles are fine, when you put them side by side with the Oasis...NO COMPARISON...OASIS WINS!Font boldness control, size options and Black /White color conversionKindle added more font sizes and boldness control-great for all readers-available on software update on other readers.Black /White inversion is a neat new reading option-exclusive on the Oasis.For the visually challenged:THIS IS THE DEVICE FOR YOU. Large fonts look more normal on this larger screen.Less page flips-really noticeable on larger fonts.Bold font options.about time!White /Black color inversion option. Great for nighttime readers with a partner.Magazines:This is an area that many will overlook...Magazines look better on a 7 screen than 6WeightAt 194 grams it is slightly lighter than the Paperwhite at 205grams and slightly heavier than the Voyage...In reality you can hardly feel the difference. It is however, significantly heavier than the prior Oasis model without the cove that only weighed 131 grams.Page turn buttons:Similar to last years modelMuch better than the Voyage- you can easily feel these, even in the dark.A slight click when the buttons are pushed leaves no doubt that the page will turn. These buttons really make it easy to stay focused on reading-no need to swipe the page, just klick the button. Once you get used to the buttons it is hard to go back to a Paperwhite.Asymmetrical Design:Very similar to last years model; they expanded the gripping area on the bezel to allow for wider thumbs that dont overlap the screen while in use. One the Voyage, my thumb is half on, half off the device when in use.The screen and button function auto flip when you change hands.Well balanced and secure in the hand while holding.Storage:8 gigs is plenty for most ebook readers, however if you plan to use Audible or have a large library consider paying $30 more for the 32gig model(about 27 gigs in actual use)Graphic and image heavy books can exceed 200 mg in size Examples are Manga, Comics, Cookbooks, Magazines and How to books.My library has a little over 2000 items and does not totally fit on any other Kindle device-no problem on a 32 gig Oasis!Audible:Seamless switching from reading to Audible if you own the e-book and the Audible version. They offer a 32 gig option for 30 dollars more if you plan on storing a lot of Audible books.This device does not have speakers. You need to pair it with blue tooth speakers or headphones.PLEASE NOTE THERE IS NO TEXT TO SPEECH...No e-reader on the market has this.Amazon E-book/Audible ecosystem:Simply the most extensive e-book store on the planet.Almost always the lowest price.Audible offers membership specials that can save you money.Kindle Unlimited -a exclusive option that seems to be best for inexpensive fiction books.Waterproofing:I tried this just to make sure it works  good addition.Battery:Seems to last about the same as the Voyage and charges in under 2 hours.Optional cover:Solid protection for the device. The Origami style stand is OK-not great. Consider getting a small tablet stand(Amazon carries a multitude of these).Portability:Definitely not a pocket device.Quality:10 out of 10! SIMPLY THE BESTCost:Amazon does not need to apologize for cost on this one-Sure it is twice the price of the Paperwhite (and that is a fine choice in its price range) but simply put THIS IS THE BEST KINDLE UNIT AMAZON HAS MADE TO DATE.For $50 dollars more than the Voyage you get  a bigger screen, more storage, Audible, page turn buttons, brighter screen and better display of graphics and magazines.$40 less than 2016s unit.Upgrade options:$20 to remove adds...I did to stop seeing adds and having to swipe the device to unlock it. I read a lot and would rather see the regular screen savers. I included a photo.$30 for 32 gig storage  I opted for this because I have a huge e-book and Audible library.44.99 or 59.99 -Honestly I cant recommend this-the magnets are not super secure-they hold ok...6/10 from me.4G- In this day and age many of us have wi-fi available-just store all of your books on the device. I passed on this expense.Pros:Best displayGreat for large font usersNo compromises-high qualityVast storage optionsAudiblePage turn buttonsWhite /Black inversion optionLike all Kindles you get Amazons vast ebook ecosystem-titles you will not find elsewhereCons:Portability-This device does not fit most shirt or pants pocketsCost-still $40 less than last years OasisIn short  The OASIS IS BETTER-NOT JUST BIGGERUpdate:After spending more time with the unit, I would give this device 10 out of 10 for the right user. I have owned every unit since the Kindle Keyboard and the Oasis 2 is by far the best. I stopped using my other devices after getting the Oasis-It is that much more enjoyable to read on.  Lets take a look at who this device is for:Dont buy if:You want an e-reader that easily fits in your pocket-get the Paperwhite or Voyage.You are looking for text to speech. None of the current e-readers offer this. I see poor reviews for the device because it does not have this...no current e-reader does.Budget is a priority. The Paperwhite is a fine budget friendly option.Do buy if:You want the finest e-reader available. This Kindle has the reading plane set below thicker glass to eliminate most of the light cones previous models occasionally had. The lighting is phenomenal. Page turn buttons make a difference.You want a larger reading screen that feels more like a book. E-reading immersion at its best.A visually challenged reader that uses larger fonts.You need more storage.If you can swing it -BUY IT-IT DOES NOT GET BETTER THAN THIS
Just short of ten years from the date Amazon introduced the very first Amazon this 9th generation Kindle has been released. Amazon called their new device a Kindle, meaning to light a fire. (original release date was November 19, 2007; this new model October 31, 2017).Like the original Oasis this is Amazons most expensive model, but in my opinion the new features of this Oasis do justify the higher price. Customers asked Amazon for a larger display, for a waterproof Kindle, for audiobook capability  and this new model has all of those features, and more.WHAT IS DIFFERENT ABOUT THE NEW OASIS?The larger display may be the most immediately noticeable difference, and the waterproof capability may be the most significant for many users, and many users will cheer that they can finally play their audiobooks with this Kindle, but for me the biggest difference is that unlike the original Oasis (https://www.amazon.com/Kindle-Oasis-reader-Leather-Charging/dp/B015YKFBC2/) with the battery contained in both the Oasis and the cover, the battery for this new model is fully enclosed in the Oasis itself.This means that you can use any cover you want, and finally I have an Oasis that has a cover that folds origami style so I can read when eating or at my desk, just like my trusty old Voyage (https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00IOY8XWQ/).The key differences are the following:-- larger display, 7 vs 6 for all other current Kindle models (the early Kindle DX, discontinued in 2014, had a 9.7 display).-- the display has more elements (12 vs 10 LEDs in original Oasis) for better lighting uniformity-- display brightness range is about 10% greater (brightest level is higher)-- lighting is adaptive with 2 ambient sensors (the Voyage has this capability too, but not the original Oasis)-- waterproof (first time for any Kindle)-- audiobook capability (see more detailed discussion later in this review)-- greater storage capability for both Kindle books and audiobooks  8 or 32 GB (vs 4 GB for other Kindles)-- beautiful metal (aluminum) construction, looks and feels great-- covers now provide origami folding capability for reading-- software updates provide greater variation in font sizes (14 sizes vs 8 previously) and boldness can now be varied for all fonts (5 levels of boldness; previously Amber Bold was the sole font available with Bold)-- now uses 4G LTE connectivity if that version is purchased (previously 3G)-- Amazon says this new Oasis has faster page turns (they claim up to 20% faster) due to software and display improvements (and maybe a better processor?)-- the battery is entirely within the OasisUSING THE NEW OASISThe larger size is immediately noticeable and for some people I am guessing that the 6 Kindle models may be more comfortable in the hand. I can barely reach across the face of the Oasis to pick it up, but when holding it in my hand it is comfortable and light weight.This new Oasis uses the same shape as the earlier Oasis, with a bump in the rear of the device that shifts the weight to one side. The page turn buttons are located on that side as well, so the display will automatically flip if the Oasis is turned to hold in one hand or another.HOW GOOD IS THE NEW DISPLAY?All of the earlier lighted Kindle models have had various issues with uneven lighting and customer complaints that the source of the lighting at the side or bottom of the display was distracting. I have one of the first generation Paperwhite models, a Voyage, and the original Oasis, and Ive never been bothered by the lighting or had some of the issues that some customers have experienced, but I could detect the lighting sources for those earlier models.With this new Oasis, Ive tried very hard to see if the LEDs can be detected and I do not see anything whatsoever. It is terrific, uniformly illuminated and with a glare-free display that works well indoors or outdoors.WATERPROOF?This Oasis has a waterproof rating of IPX8 which translates to protection against immersion of 1 meter or more (Amazon states up to 2 meters for 60 minutes in fresh water). I have noticed that when inserting the usb cable to charge this Oasis, it requires a more forceful push to fully engage the cable, which suggests to me that there is an internal protection within the charging port to keep water out.Amazon provides instructions with the Oasis for drying it out if it is submerged or becomes wet.No, I have not tried soaking my Oasis in the bathtub to see if it still works afterwards! I prefer to take Amazons word for it!AUDIOBOOK CAPABILITY!Amazon has had Bluetooth built into a couple of recent models, for example the current basic Kindle model has Bluetooth and can be paired with a speaker to use text-to-speech. However this is the only current model to include the ability to download Audible audiobooks onto the Oasis and then play them with paired speakers or headphones / earbuds.Once the Oasis is paired with a Bluetooth audio device, then the Oasis can be used to store audiobooks and play them whenever desired.This audiobook capability is the reason Amazon made this Oasis available with significantly more storage space than other Kindles  8 or 32 GB vs 4 GB for all other Kindles.EXPENSIVE BUT THE OPTIONS MAKE A BIG DIFFERENCEI paid $309.99 for my previous Oasis, which included the leather case, without special offers and wi-fi only.This new Oasis has a base price of $249.99 but depending upon how you configure it, the price can be much higher:-- $20 to remove special offers-- $30 to upgrade to 32 GB storage-- $44.99 for fabric cover-- $59.99 for leather cover-- $50.00 for  wi-fi + cellular connectivity but if the Oasis is purchased this way then it automatically bundles with the 32 GB storage and removes special offers (separately those total $50)Some examples of Oasis prices would therefore be:-- least expensive Oasis = $294.98 (base Oasis, 8 GB, wi-fi only, special offers, fabric cover)-- least expensive Oasis with leather cover = $309.98 (base Oasis, 8 GB, wi-fi only, special offers, leather cover)-- most expensive Oasis = $409.98 (base Oasis, 32 GB, wi-fi + cellular, without special offers, leather cover)A charger / power adaptor is not included. Amazons own 5W model is $19.99 and is a bit expensive. An equally capable charger can be purchased here on Amazon for much less.
The new Oasis finally brings waterproofing that I wished my Voyage had, and personally I appreciate the Audible integration. I do hope that a software update will bring the option for immersion reading eventually, and perhaps more control over font appearance. I will not do a full review as others have already done a great job covering the Oasis's strengths, with which I fully agree. Instead I want to call attention to the serious quality control issues plaguing this latest generation of Oasis, issues that Amazon should have worked out by now after launching so many Kindles.I pre-ordered the new Oasis, and since Oct. 31st have had to get two replacements just to have a unit with an acceptable display. The first one I received had a warped case and uneven screen with washed out blurry text. The second unit was also washed out and had a stuck bright pixel. Fortunately, the third Oasis I received finally had acceptable contrast and sharpness, though it's a noticeable step down from the screen on my Voyage. The Voyage has true deep blacks and sharp text that looks like it's printed on a page. The page surface is also whiter (even with the backlight off). All of that works to produce high contrast and an enjoyable reading experience. The Oasis has more of a gray page surface and the text never gets as sharp or as black. It's much more like reading on an lcd than e-ink. I suspect the issue stems at least in part from the increase in screen size without an increase in dpi. Perhaps it could be improved with a software update (I hope!) But I think the slightly different surface of the e-ink screen will always limit the contrast on the Oasis. An additional factor is that the screen on the Oasis seems slightly more recessed from the actual glass, while the Voyage's screen is virtually right up against the glass. I think that the anti-glare coating combined with that slight recess contributes to blurrier text on the Oasis. The bezel also casts more noticeable shadows along the screen edges as a result. It's unfortunate that the R&D; team missed these details. While I like the new features the Oasis brings, I don't want to lose quality on the most important element. The screen quality should have come first above anything else!In the attached image you can see how big a difference it makes if you're lucky enough to get a "good one." The last unit I received, with the good screen, is on the left, and the previous unit is on the right. They are both on the same book, same page, same font and brightness settings (auto brightness off), but there is a major difference in brightness, evenness, and contrast.This isn't unusual for a new product, but it is extremely disappointing and frustrating if you end up with a poor quality device, especially when the replacement is crappy too! If you don't want to risk having to spend hours coordinating replacements, I would suggest waiting until Amazon improves the manufacturing and quality control for the new Oasis.
I have a Paperwhite and a Voyage and I love them both. When the 2016 Oasis was introduced, I studied it, but the mandatory cover and several reviews made me wait. When I saw that a New Oasis was being released this month, I read the specs and knew I had to have it. The Audible capability wasnt important to me; I prefer to listen on my phone. Waterproof isnt a big deal for me either, since I dont read near water; but its nice knowing that a little rain wont kill it. So I pre-ordered the 32gb...more storage, more books! I selected wi-fi only; if Im going to be away from home, I download more books than I can possibly read in one trip. I also selected with special offers; Ill remove it later if it starts to annoy me. I did not purchase a cover, because I usually remove them and they end up in the bottom of a drawer. I did purchase a no-glare screen protector, which I installed as soon I opened the box.Now for why I just love my new Oasis:*Right out of the box, it was so easy to set up! As soon as I entered my wi-fi password, it connected immediately, greeted me by name, and promptly showed my library.*The screen is more responsive. When I enter my password, there is no lag time; it responds as quickly as my phone & tablets do.*The screen size is perfect! And I dont even notice any lights; it looks like a paper page. And the page turn is immediate!*I love the feel of it in my hand. Some reviewers mentioned sharp edges, discomfort, cant hold for too long, too heavy...I notice none of those things. I usually hold in my right hand and it fits perfectly! The side rests comfortably across my hand, with my thumb resting along the edge. On the back, where the thicker portion meets the thin, it curves slightly inward, where my fingertips are completely at home. With both my Paperwhite and Voyage, I constantly shift the device as my hand tires. Not so with this Oasis! I read for hours at a time and dont tire. And when I do switch it to my left hand, its instant and seamless, no waiting for the page to adjust.*The page turn buttons...some reviews said that the buttons are too loud. Really?! When I read those comments, I had to check mine. Its a tiny click, not loud at all (mostly felt, rather than heard)! The default setting is page forward on top, page back on the bottom. I left mine at that setting since it works for me. And, if you switch to the opposite hand, those settings stay the same.*Some reviewers are unhappy with the metal back, its too slick, too slippery, too cold...again, I notice none of those things. It feels substantial, certainly classier than plastic.*I love the new font sizes, and the ability to make them bolder, as well as the capability to switch to white print on black background. I set my Oasis to auto brightness, then adjusted it down to 8. The print on the page is so vivid!*So far, the battery life is great! Ive been reading for four days now, several hours per day, and it still has about half a battery remaining. This initial charge may not be indicative of true battery life, since part of it was used in the setting up and downloading, but Im satisfied with it.Now for what I dont like about it:...Cant think of a single thing!This is definitely a keeper for me! If anything comes up that changes my opinion or reinforces my opinion, Ill update my review.(Photo shows Oasis on the left, Voyage in the center, Paperwhite on the right, demonstrating the comparative sizes.)
My 1 star reflects both the quality of the device I received and the subsequent debacle that followed to deal with it.For reference, when I refer to "store," its one of the "Amazon Books" physical locations (in my case LA) where I sampled the device and subsequently bought it.After years of enjoying my paperwhite, I thought it would be a treat to upgrade to the New Oasis.  I wasn't particularly impressed by the original oasis at its steep price point, but like many others, was immediately sold by the "new" oasis that was waterproof and had a range of other new features. For reference, I dont use audible, so have/had no opinion on those options, but I do read hours per day on  my e-reader under both dark and bright ambient lighting situations.Overall, I was in love with the new oasis.  I know some people found the ergonomics strange, but I did not find the metal slippery, nor the corners sharp, nor any of the other complaints relevant to  my personal use.  Basically, it held perfect for me.  Extremely light, and the wide side bar with page buttons allowed me to literally balance this thing on my pinky comfortably or grip it like a book, whichever was more relevant to my position.  Additionally, the auto-flip on the screen was incredibly helpful when, for example i changed sides in bed, and consequently hands.  The extra screen size was awesome, it was fast, and there are host of subtle new things that I liked, which I wont bother to list here.However the breaking point was the screen on my particular device and the debacle it led to.  The screen in the store model was beautiful.  But the device i received at purchase had an extreme color gradient and diminishing illumination horizontally across the screen.  It was very blue (similar to the paperwhite) on the thick, grip side, and yellowish on the thin side.  The text also hazed out the further you got from the grip side.  This meant that after a short time of reading, my eyes were extremely strained from going line by line through clear to hazy, clear to hazy and color temp changes.  Amazon has been making illuminated readers for some time, so tolerating this kind of extreme in a brand new $300 model is a real stretch.  My first generation paperwhite, although not perfect in its illumination consistency, was leaps beyond the quality of this oasis, and that is saying something.I understand that there can be manufacturer's defects and sometimes a lemon, so i wasn't going to let this deter me completely from the product.  I contacted Amazon.com via chat, and they were very understanding and agreed to send me a replacement.  I EXPLICITLY asked if it would be refurbished, and that I would not accept a refurbished model since I'd literally bought the thing that day.  The rep told me it would be brand new.  Imagine my surprise then when I logged into my account to find that the replacement on its way WAS a refurbished model, from a 3rd party seller.  Amazon had even used a different credit card stored on my account (one that doesnt belong to me) to "authorize" the transaction rather than the card I used for the original purchase.Needless to say, this was not ok with me.  I canceled the replacement after a great deal of wait time, and plan to return the oasis for a refund.  I'm not sure what is going on with Amazon and this new device, but if the only way they could get me a good working model without the screen issue was to send one that had been fixed (possibly with the same issue mine had? - assumption, i know, but a legitimate one) then I am not interested in having a first generation of this device at all.  I'm very disappointed because I thought the new oasis was a real contender for a worthy expensive upgrade, but due to the first device being pretty awful in the area that matters most (screen consistency and clarity) and then amazon's indifferent action to resolve it, I think I'm going to move on.  I wanted to share this as a tale of caution, if nothing else.  Obviously I could keep hounding customer service online to get a proper new one sent, or i could keep going back and forth to a store that is not particularly close to me, but I'm too disenfranchised now to bother and have lost faith that this episode wont be repeated.  I'll either wait for Amazon to get its act together with the oasis and buy a model that doesn't have technical problems that lead to consumer nightmares or I'll find something elsewhere.I want to be clear... although I am not against refurbished electronics in general, they sell for discounted prices for a reason...they are used.  I think fixing and reselling bad devices is a great way to reuse materials and avoid waste oveall.  HOWEVER,  replacing a day old device with a manufacturer's problem with a refurbished item is completely wrong, for obvious reasons.  It basically means Amazon is passing on the hit from faulty manufacturing to its most valuable consumers, the ones who were willing to shell out top dollar for a brand new model.  Instead they should be selling those bad devices, refurbished, to customers who dont care and/or are willing to get a used one for the benefit of a discount.  Its extremely disingenuous and in my case, combined with a bad screen from the get-go, was a deal breaker.
SEE MY UPDATES AT THE BOTTOM OF THIS REVIEWI received my Kindle Oasis a day before the official release date (thanks UPS!) so Ive had some time to explore it already. Ive owned many Kindles throughout the years starting with the very first one (the white model with the funky liquid crystal scroll bar). I can already tell that the new Kindle Oasis is a keeper! I wont go over all of actual interface details and how the Kindle works as these are pretty similar between models. Instead I want to focus on the hardware itself and what makes the Kindle Oasis the Kindle to get!StyleThe Kindle Oasis is a high-end device and it looks like it! The front is a nice matte texture that extends all the way to the outer edges of the device and is framed by the aluminum back that creeps in from the sides to form a slight border. The screen itself is beneath this textured front so theres no edge on the screen where you can see the separate of the screen from the bezel. Its all smooth across the entire point other than the two small page turn buttons.The only other button on the unit is the sleep/wake button along the top edge.The back of the unit is a very nice dark silver aluminum with the Amazon logo printed tastefully on it. There is a slight hump on the back that takes up about a third of the total width. Im sure this is where Amazon has stashed the battery and other electronics, and it makes for a great grip for holding the unit with one hand.ControlAs I mentioned above, you can easily grip the unit with one hand using the hump on the back and then use your other hand just to support the other edge. This allows you to access the page turn buttons with your thumb. You can also flip the unit upside down if youd like to hold it with your other hand and the display will flip accordingly so your book is always right side up. The page turn buttons feel very nice and emit a very slight click when depressed. This isnt very loud but if you feel that your significant other may get annoyed with it if youre reading in bed you can always just tap the left or right side of the screen for silent page turning.The touch screen on the Kindle Oasis is very responsive and makes entering text a breeze. When you initially setup the unit you will need to enter your wi-fi password so this gives you a taste of how easy it is to enter text.Adjusting settings such as the screen brightness via the touch screen seems more responsive than on earlier models and the entire interface feels more like a tablet now. You wont get super smooth animation like with a traditional LCD display but you also wont get the eye strain either, and that tradeoff is just fine with me!Tapping the top of the display brings up the menu from any screen. From here you can quickly return to the home screen to switch books or go to the store to buy more books. You can also quickly access the most commonly used settings such as light brightness and airplane mode.Pushing the button on top of the unit puts it to sleep and, as you guessed, wakes it back up. When you wake the unit you have to do a Apple-esque swipe to unlock it. This prevents accidental button presses from waking the unit while its in your bag, purse, carrying case, etc.Overall the controls are just perfect. Amazon has put just what you need and nothing else. I really like that they have included the small physical page turn buttons rather than going with touchscreen-only controls. This gives you the option to page through your book in whichever way feels best to you.DisplayThe display is a great size and really feels like you are ready a small paperback book. The text is super crisp and looks more like paper than ever before.There are still the page refresh flickers from the eInk technology but compared to previous models they seem to be optimized now to only refresh the area of the screen that is actually changing rather than the entire page. So when you turn the page while reading the flicker is almost nonexistent unless you are changing to or from a page that has things other than standard text on it (for instance, the beginning of a new chapter that has larger fonts or stylized lettering).The lighting on the display is very even now. I had the original Kindle Paperwhite and always felt that the lighting on that model showed obvious signs of where the individual LEDs were positioned along the side of the screen. With the new Kindle Oasis you cant tell at all where the LEDs are placed. You get a very consistently even glow across the entire screen. I have noticed a VERY slight area that seems a tad brighter in one area but it isn't enough to bother me. I'll update this review if it gets worse. The display can get very bright, but more importantly it can get very dim but still be usable. This is great for reading in bed with somebody else whos already gone to sleep as you can have all the lights off in the room and have the Kindle Oasis at a brightness level that wont disturb the other person but yet still be bright enough for you to read.The one issue I have with the light is the control to adjust the brightness. Tapping the on-screen brightness control sometimes isnt very responsive. You also have to be careful if you are in the dark because if you adjust down too far the light will turn off completely and you wont be able to see the button on the screen to turn it back on.Of course if you are reading in daylight theres no need to even use the light and as always the eInk display is as easy to read in direct sunlight as paper.I really couldnt ask for anything more from the display (other than color eInk but it doesnt seem like well be getting that anytime soon). Reading on it is delightful, day or night.BatteryThe Kindle Oasis is claimed to have weeks worth of power from a single charge and although I havent been able to test this since I just got the unit I have no reason to doubt this claim based on past Kindles. The display technology is very power efficient and its this battery longevity long with the superior display that really make the Kindle Oasis a great alternative to reading books on your phone or tablet.The unit charges through a standard micro-USB connection so if you already have cables and chargers for micro-USB you can use them with your Kindle Oasis as well.WeightDespite having a gorgeous metal back the Kindle Oasis still manages to feel light in the hand. Holding it for reading is no problem. Holding it with one hand may get a little tiresome after awhile but you can comfortably hold it with two hands with hardly any effort at all.WaterproofingOf course one of the big new features with the Kindle Oasis is its waterproofing. I havent tried this and hope not to, but its nice to know that it should survive an accidental dip in the pool or splash from the ocean when youre reading on vacation. One of the few actual printed instructions that comes in the box is a note explaining how to drain the unit if you get it wet and how to wash it out with clean water if you happen to get it in salt water or some other potentially damaging liquid. The note stresses that just because its waterproof doesnt mean that you should use it underwater, so any dreams  of reading while snorkeling are going to have to remain dreams for now.SummaryThis is a premium device and it shows. If you are looking for a Kindle and can afford the extra cost for this one then dont hesitate. Theres no better way to read eBooks. Amazon has taken all my wishlist items such as premium materials, touchscreen while still having physical page turn buttons, high resolution display in a great size and aspect ratio, very even and controllable lighting, waterproofing, and good overall design, and cranked out their best product ever.Verdict: Buy it now!UPDATE 11/8/17: After reading with the Kindle Oasis for a week the bright spot in the lower right corner is really bugging me. It seems to persist regardless of which level of lighting I select. It's noticeably brighter in a circular area and then the light seems to fall off gradually to match the rest of the screen. Because of this I'm considering returning the unit and just getting a Voyage or Paperwhite. Stay tuned.UPDATE 11/10/17: The bright spot on the screen really bothered me, especially with this being a premium device. If it wasn't so expensive I could excuse the bright spot, but at this price level I really expect it to be flawless. I could attempt to exchange for a different unit but my experience in the past is that the replacement unit may have even more screen flaws and Amazon will not continually replace the device when the issues fall within what they consider acceptable (I may just be super sensitive - most people may not even notice a difference). I have instead opted for the Kindle Paperwhite for less than half the price of the Oasis. The Paperwhite definitely has light issues as well, but they are mainly along the bottom of the screen and in specific areas that don't really bother me since they bright spot doesn't overlay the text area. I have also found that the Paperwhite display is actually "whiter" than the Oasis (see attached comparison picture). I had both units set on the same brightness and to me the Paperwhite is a more pleasant shade for reading.Sure, the Paperwhite isn't waterproof, isn't quite as zippy when turning pages (talking milliseconds difference), is a little smaller, doesn't have as much storage (which doesn't really matter unless you need a ton of books available when you are away from wi-fi) ,and weighs a measly 5 grams more, but for my money the Paperwhite is the better device when you factor in the cost. I also like that the Paperwhite has the rubberized back and that the back is the same thickness on both sides. It feels easier to hold.So, while I stand by my original review that the Oasis is the best Kindle yet, the light bright spot coupled with the much higher price lead me to suggest the Paperwhite for most readers.
Great e-reader, but abysmal battery life. I bought mine from another retailer, because Amazon's wait time was too long and I wanted it for a long trip that started the following day.The screen is gorgeous, page turns are fast, lighting is even, the weight and balance are excellent.But all of that doesn't mean much if battery life is just a few (and I mean FEW) hours. I've had a Kindle Paperwhite and a first generation Oasis as well; this new one has the worst battery life by a lot.I have had a Kindle Oasis 2017 (32GB with Cellular) since 3 November. I'm very unimpressed with the battery life. In airplane mode, I think it lasted about 8 hours, brightness no higher than 8 and frequently at 2 or 3. With Cellular on, it was maybe 2-3 hours? I didn't track it, at that time.After the third full charge, I put it on WiFi, and it's had a good signal. I did also make sure it was not stuck indexing. My results from full charge to ! Battery depleted was under four hours. This time I tracked it; see below for brightness levels etc. Next testing will be with in airplane mode, with time and brightness tracked. I got this for travel/long flights, and this is NOT what I expected.Kindle Oasis 2017 battery lifeFull charge. WiFi on.Brightness  Time on  Time off  Total time0  2017-11-13 6:31pm  7:17pm  46min6  10:42pm  10:49pm  7min4; inverted  11:20pm  11:38pm  18min7  9:28am  9:58am  30min4; inverted  11:41pm  12:40am  59min4  2017-11-15 5:43pm  6:12pm - ! Low battery warning 29min4  6:12pm  6:29pm - v low battery warning 17min3hr 36min total
I am in love with this Kindle!  I am an avid reader that does most of my reading on my Kindle.  I have been using different Kindle devices since 2010 or so.  I have a Kindle Keyboard, Kindle Basic, Paperwhite, Voyage, and a Fire that I use at different times.  Each device has features that I like and over the years, I have had several things that I knew I would like to see in a device.  The first Oasis didn't have any real appeal for me but the moment I saw the specs for this version, I knew that I would have to add it to my collection.There are two features on this Oasis that came straight from my personal wish list.  The first is the larger screen size.  I have probably told my husband at least once per week that I would like a bigger Kindle.  Every single new release has had the same 6" screen with the expection of the DX which has not been made for some time and the Fires which I do like to use for reading.  The 7" screen is wonderful.  It is bigger without being cumbersome to handle.  The actual device is not much larger than my Voyage or Paperwhite.  It is a bit wider but the height is fairly equal.  The difference is that there is less of a frame around the screen.I was also very pleased to find page turn buttons on this device.  My Kindle Keyboard and Kindle Basic had this feature but the more recent trend has been a touchscreen such as with the Paperwhite.  I thought that I would like the page press on the Voyage but I found that it was the same as a physical button.  I have already read a novel on my new Oasis and loved being able to press a button to turn the page.  You can still turn pages with the touchscreen if you prefer but I am happy to have the buttons.  You do have to use the touchscreen for other commands and to access the menu features.I like that this Kindle has an aluminum back.  I think it feels like a much more solid e-reader and it feels nice in my hands.  I have not purchased a case for this device yet and have held it in one hand while reading.  It has felt very comfortable and natural.  I am also intrigued by the ability to invert the black and white on the device so the the print is white on a black background.  I did try this feature out just a bit and am not sure how much I will end up using it.  I am still happy to know that it is an option.I have not used the Audible feature on the device.  I do wish that the device had a headphone jack since I have a pair corded headphones that I love.  I am not going to purchase bluetooth headphones just to listen to my audiobooks on this device.  I listen to a lot of Audible audiobooks and have no issue doing so with my cell phone. I think that the size of this device would make it somewhat awkward to carry around in order to listen to my books.  I will be sticking to my cell phone for audiobooks for right now.  If I change my mind, it is nice to know that the device has the capabilities.I can easily say that the Oasis is my favorite Kindle that I have owned.  I like just about everything about it.  The clear and crisp screen is a very nice size, the page turn buttons are perfectly positioned, and the aluminum backing looks and feels nice. I bought the 32 GB device with cell connectivity and am looking forward to spending many quality reading hours with my new Oasis.
I've been using the 300 dpi Paperwhite for over two years and decided to spoil myself with the new 32 GB WiFi Kindle Oasis E-reader. I'm an avid reader with over 500 books just on Amazon.The Kindle Oasis arrived well-packaged in an attractive sealed black box. The first thing I noticed was the sleek glassy surface and thin asymmetrical aluminum construction. Unfortunately, while the Oasis is lighter, the larger size makes it awkward to carry or slip in a pocket. The first thing I did was to buy a MoKo Case to avoid dropping and trashing my expensive new toy. The smaller Paperwhite sports a rubberized exterior providing a far more secure grip.The Oasis already had a half charge on it so it was good to go right out of the box. But there is no charger! Let me repeat that--my $300 ultra-luxury E-reader came without the standard ten dollar charger, only a short USB cord.It took five minutes to link up to my WiFi and Amazon account, adjust the local time and resurrect my library. The only instructions are on the device itself, but it's a no-brainer. Amazon had a software update available that only took a few minutes to download and reboot.The display on the Oasis has a slightly creamy tone when compared to the bright white Paperwhite. The Oasis display is perfectly even across the entire screen; the Paperwhite has a very slight "shadow" at the bottom. The 7-inch screen is significantly larger than the 6-inch Paperwhite screen. I examined the typeface through a loupe and the letters themselves appear identical on both devices.I bought my Oasis with the "special offers," but I quickly found them annoying. I removed the special offers by linking to my on-line Amazon account and coughing up an additional $20.Reading is a joy on the new Oasis. The larger screen and physical page-turn buttons allow you to read one handed and avoid the usual screen taps. The software is almost identical on both devices, though the Oasis allows you to (finally!) access audio books though Bluetooth. I couldn't get my earbuds to link, but Bluetooth is kinda touchy and I'll try it on other stuff, especially my car.One HUGE improvement is that the Oasis is waterproof! This is key for me as I read even while soaking in the tub (TMI). The Paperwhite hates even a droplet of water. One workaround for the Paperwhite is the tough Meritcase Waterproof Case, though it makes screen operation a bit clunky.IN CONCLUSION:Both the 300 dpi Paperwhite and new Kindle Oasis are terrific E-readers. If you have some "stupid money" to throw around, the Oasis is the Rolls Royce of the e-reader world, sporting an elegant waterproof construction and Bluetooth connectivity. But for normal folks, the 300 dpi Paperwhite is an excellent purchase, nearly as good with some superior features at a fraction of the price. I'm dinging the Oasis one star for the over-the-top price tag, mediocre battery life and not including a charger.
Starting with the first gen Kindle, I've owned every advanced model that Amazon has released. Each generation has been a further refinement of Amazon's design philosophy for Kindle: make the device disappear from the experience of reading. First they did it by trimming size and weight. Then came the illuminated screen, eliminating the need for separate lights. Voyager trimmed size and weight further from the Paperwhite, while adding auto-adjusting illumination. Then came the advances of last year's Oasis, which retained the same 6" screen size, but packaged it in an impossibly light, thin and small case designed to be held with one hand. Some grumbled about the battery being split between the Oasis and its cover, but the 2016 Oasis came the closest yet to disappearing while reading.Flash forward one year, and Amazon seems to have abandoned this philosophy completely with the 2017 "New" Oasis, a Kindle seemingly designed to uncomfortably remind you that you're holding a reading device in your hands. It does this in several ways. First, with a significantly bulked up size and weight--it looks and feels much bigger than you'd think compared to the 2016 Oasis, and it's just plain heavy to hold in one hand for extended periods of time. Sure, that weight is fairly well-balanced, but that's like hearing, "Oh, but it's dry heat!" when the temp hits 115 degrees.Second, the added carry-weight of the new Oasis is made worse by the very slippery feel of the new aluminum body, which forces you to grip it more tightly, and that becomes uncomfortable in longer reading sessions. This is definitely not a Kindle that ever disappears in your hands. I've seen some complaints about sharp edges, too, but that was not my experience. I've read that Amazon was going for a more "premium" feeling with this switch to aluminum, but I'm not sure what that means when every cheap tablet out of China has an aluminum body. It's also a foolish design goal for a Kindle, where priority should be given to materials that are comfortable to hold in-hand for hours at a time. And finally, this aluminum body is cold to the touch, about as unbook-like a reading experience as you can have. The ergonomics, in summary, scream to remind you that you're holding a device.So, is there anything I liked about the New Oasis? Yes, and that's what makes it especially disappointing: the 7" screen is really great, and has the immediate feeling of being the "right" size for a Kindle screen. My old Oasis and Voyager now look cramped by comparison. The larger screen somehow makes the experience of reading feel "roomier" and more relaxing--and perhaps this is just because it's closer to the page size in a real book. My new Oasis did not have the screen lighting issues some have reported but, as I've read elsewhere, the background does appear to be less white than previous Kindles, but that change actually looks more like printing on a paper page to my eye.My hope for the next gen Kindle is something like a 7" Voyager form-factor, but one that narrows bezels as much as possible for a smaller size, while using materials chosen for light weight and a comfortable feeling in the hand. In the meantime, my new Kindle Oasis will be going back to Amazon, and it's the first next-gen Kindle that I've ever returned. That should tell you a lot. Thanks for taking the time to read my review and I hope you find it helpful in making a buying decision.
For the 2017 Kindle Oasis the answer seems to be yes-Heres why-One of the first things you notice, after the size increase, is the total look and feel of quality:Refined aluminum outer shell that will resist scratches.Page turn buttons-similar to the last Oasis version.Well balanced when in the hand.The lighting seems to be the best that the Kindle team has put forward yet- It seems they have taken prior criticism to heart and made a focus on making the lighting as flawless as possible.Overall fit and finish-this thing looks and feels refined. You get the same sense of quality you get when you pick up an Ipad (whether you like Apple or not).Faster page turns.Lighting/ Screen quality:Amazon must have taken poor reviews on some other models to heart and focused on eliminating these issues. Now with 12 LED bulbs, the lighting is more uniform than any prior unit. Far better than the Paperwhite (while decent for the money- the Oasis is far better). I would rank the Voyage as having a more even screen than my 2016 Oasis-The 2017 OASIS HAS THE BEST SCREEN YET).The screen has a warmer hue than the Paperwhite, Voyage or Oasis 1.No visible light cones.7 screen displays more text for less page flips.Graphics look better-small print displayed better.Inverted White/ Black option is nice change that displays less light...good for some that read in bed with partners.The Kindle team set the reading plane lower in the device(the glass is thicker) the eliminate light cones. The addition of 2 more LED units makes for the most even lighting possible.  A one inch screen size really makes a difference in the reading experience-I stopped reading on my Old Oasis and Voyage after getting this unit...ABSOLUTELY FLAWLESS! While the other Kindles are fine, when you put them side by side with the Oasis...NO COMPARISON...OASIS WINS!Font boldness control, size options and Black /White color conversionKindle added more font sizes and boldness control-great for all readers-available on software update on other readers.Black /White inversion is a neat new reading option-exclusive on the Oasis.For the visually challenged:THIS IS THE DEVICE FOR YOU. Large fonts look more normal on this larger screen.Less page flips-really noticeable on larger fonts.Bold font options.about time!White /Black color inversion option. Great for nighttime readers with a partner.Magazines:This is an area that many will overlook...Magazines look better on a 7 screen than 6WeightAt 194 grams it is slightly lighter than the Paperwhite at 205grams and slightly heavier than the Voyage...In reality you can hardly feel the difference. It is however, significantly heavier than the prior Oasis model without the cove that only weighed 131 grams.Page turn buttons:Similar to last years modelMuch better than the Voyage- you can easily feel these, even in the dark.A slight click when the buttons are pushed leaves no doubt that the page will turn. These buttons really make it easy to stay focused on reading-no need to swipe the page, just klick the button. Once you get used to the buttons it is hard to go back to a Paperwhite.Asymmetrical Design:Very similar to last years model; they expanded the gripping area on the bezel to allow for wider thumbs that dont overlap the screen while in use. One the Voyage, my thumb is half on, half off the device when in use.The screen and button function auto flip when you change hands.Well balanced and secure in the hand while holding.Storage:8 gigs is plenty for most ebook readers, however if you plan to use Audible or have a large library consider paying $30 more for the 32gig model(about 27 gigs in actual use)Graphic and image heavy books can exceed 200 mg in size Examples are Manga, Comics, Cookbooks, Magazines and How to books.My library has a little over 2000 items and does not totally fit on any other Kindle device-no problem on a 32 gig Oasis!Audible:Seamless switching from reading to Audible if you own the e-book and the Audible version. They offer a 32 gig option for 30 dollars more if you plan on storing a lot of Audible books.This device does not have speakers. You need to pair it with blue tooth speakers or headphones.PLEASE NOTE THERE IS NO TEXT TO SPEECH...No e-reader on the market has this.Amazon E-book/Audible ecosystem:Simply the most extensive e-book store on the planet.Almost always the lowest price.Audible offers membership specials that can save you money.Kindle Unlimited -a exclusive option that seems to be best for inexpensive fiction books.Waterproofing:I tried this just to make sure it works  good addition.Battery:Seems to last about the same as the Voyage and charges in under 2 hours.Optional cover:Solid protection for the device. The Origami style stand is OK-not great. Consider getting a small tablet stand(Amazon carries a multitude of these).Portability:Definitely not a pocket device.Quality:10 out of 10! SIMPLY THE BESTCost:Amazon does not need to apologize for cost on this one-Sure it is twice the price of the Paperwhite (and that is a fine choice in its price range) but simply put THIS IS THE BEST KINDLE UNIT AMAZON HAS MADE TO DATE.For $50 dollars more than the Voyage you get  a bigger screen, more storage, Audible, page turn buttons, brighter screen and better display of graphics and magazines.$40 less than 2016s unit.Upgrade options:$20 to remove adds...I did to stop seeing adds and having to swipe the device to unlock it. I read a lot and would rather see the regular screen savers. I included a photo.$30 for 32 gig storage  I opted for this because I have a huge e-book and Audible library.44.99 or 59.99 -Honestly I cant recommend this-the magnets are not super secure-they hold ok...6/10 from me.4G- In this day and age many of us have wi-fi available-just store all of your books on the device. I passed on this expense.Pros:Best displayGreat for large font usersNo compromises-high qualityVast storage optionsAudiblePage turn buttonsWhite /Black inversion optionLike all Kindles you get Amazons vast ebook ecosystem-titles you will not find elsewhereCons:Portability-This device does not fit most shirt or pants pocketsCost-still $40 less than last years OasisIn short  The OASIS IS BETTER-NOT JUST BIGGERUpdate:After spending more time with the unit, I would give this device 10 out of 10 for the right user. I have owned every unit since the Kindle Keyboard and the Oasis 2 is by far the best. I stopped using my other devices after getting the Oasis-It is that much more enjoyable to read on.  Lets take a look at who this device is for:Dont buy if:You want an e-reader that easily fits in your pocket-get the Paperwhite or Voyage.You are looking for text to speech. None of the current e-readers offer this. I see poor reviews for the device because it does not have this...no current e-reader does.Budget is a priority. The Paperwhite is a fine budget friendly option.Do buy if:You want the finest e-reader available. This Kindle has the reading plane set below thicker glass to eliminate most of the light cones previous models occasionally had. The lighting is phenomenal. Page turn buttons make a difference.You want a larger reading screen that feels more like a book. E-reading immersion at its best.A visually challenged reader that uses larger fonts.You need more storage.If you can swing it -BUY IT-IT DOES NOT GET BETTER THAN THIS
Just short of ten years from the date Amazon introduced the very first Amazon this 9th generation Kindle has been released. Amazon called their new device a Kindle, meaning to light a fire. (original release date was November 19, 2007; this new model October 31, 2017).Like the original Oasis this is Amazons most expensive model, but in my opinion the new features of this Oasis do justify the higher price. Customers asked Amazon for a larger display, for a waterproof Kindle, for audiobook capability  and this new model has all of those features, and more.WHAT IS DIFFERENT ABOUT THE NEW OASIS?The larger display may be the most immediately noticeable difference, and the waterproof capability may be the most significant for many users, and many users will cheer that they can finally play their audiobooks with this Kindle, but for me the biggest difference is that unlike the original Oasis (https://www.amazon.com/Kindle-Oasis-reader-Leather-Charging/dp/B015YKFBC2/) with the battery contained in both the Oasis and the cover, the battery for this new model is fully enclosed in the Oasis itself.This means that you can use any cover you want, and finally I have an Oasis that has a cover that folds origami style so I can read when eating or at my desk, just like my trusty old Voyage (https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00IOY8XWQ/).The key differences are the following:-- larger display, 7 vs 6 for all other current Kindle models (the early Kindle DX, discontinued in 2014, had a 9.7 display).-- the display has more elements (12 vs 10 LEDs in original Oasis) for better lighting uniformity-- display brightness range is about 10% greater (brightest level is higher)-- lighting is adaptive with 2 ambient sensors (the Voyage has this capability too, but not the original Oasis)-- waterproof (first time for any Kindle)-- audiobook capability (see more detailed discussion later in this review)-- greater storage capability for both Kindle books and audiobooks  8 or 32 GB (vs 4 GB for other Kindles)-- beautiful metal (aluminum) construction, looks and feels great-- covers now provide origami folding capability for reading-- software updates provide greater variation in font sizes (14 sizes vs 8 previously) and boldness can now be varied for all fonts (5 levels of boldness; previously Amber Bold was the sole font available with Bold)-- now uses 4G LTE connectivity if that version is purchased (previously 3G)-- Amazon says this new Oasis has faster page turns (they claim up to 20% faster) due to software and display improvements (and maybe a better processor?)-- the battery is entirely within the OasisUSING THE NEW OASISThe larger size is immediately noticeable and for some people I am guessing that the 6 Kindle models may be more comfortable in the hand. I can barely reach across the face of the Oasis to pick it up, but when holding it in my hand it is comfortable and light weight.This new Oasis uses the same shape as the earlier Oasis, with a bump in the rear of the device that shifts the weight to one side. The page turn buttons are located on that side as well, so the display will automatically flip if the Oasis is turned to hold in one hand or another.HOW GOOD IS THE NEW DISPLAY?All of the earlier lighted Kindle models have had various issues with uneven lighting and customer complaints that the source of the lighting at the side or bottom of the display was distracting. I have one of the first generation Paperwhite models, a Voyage, and the original Oasis, and Ive never been bothered by the lighting or had some of the issues that some customers have experienced, but I could detect the lighting sources for those earlier models.With this new Oasis, Ive tried very hard to see if the LEDs can be detected and I do not see anything whatsoever. It is terrific, uniformly illuminated and with a glare-free display that works well indoors or outdoors.WATERPROOF?This Oasis has a waterproof rating of IPX8 which translates to protection against immersion of 1 meter or more (Amazon states up to 2 meters for 60 minutes in fresh water). I have noticed that when inserting the usb cable to charge this Oasis, it requires a more forceful push to fully engage the cable, which suggests to me that there is an internal protection within the charging port to keep water out.Amazon provides instructions with the Oasis for drying it out if it is submerged or becomes wet.No, I have not tried soaking my Oasis in the bathtub to see if it still works afterwards! I prefer to take Amazons word for it!AUDIOBOOK CAPABILITY!Amazon has had Bluetooth built into a couple of recent models, for example the current basic Kindle model has Bluetooth and can be paired with a speaker to use text-to-speech. However this is the only current model to include the ability to download Audible audiobooks onto the Oasis and then play them with paired speakers or headphones / earbuds.Once the Oasis is paired with a Bluetooth audio device, then the Oasis can be used to store audiobooks and play them whenever desired.This audiobook capability is the reason Amazon made this Oasis available with significantly more storage space than other Kindles  8 or 32 GB vs 4 GB for all other Kindles.EXPENSIVE BUT THE OPTIONS MAKE A BIG DIFFERENCEI paid $309.99 for my previous Oasis, which included the leather case, without special offers and wi-fi only.This new Oasis has a base price of $249.99 but depending upon how you configure it, the price can be much higher:-- $20 to remove special offers-- $30 to upgrade to 32 GB storage-- $44.99 for fabric cover-- $59.99 for leather cover-- $50.00 for  wi-fi + cellular connectivity but if the Oasis is purchased this way then it automatically bundles with the 32 GB storage and removes special offers (separately those total $50)Some examples of Oasis prices would therefore be:-- least expensive Oasis = $294.98 (base Oasis, 8 GB, wi-fi only, special offers, fabric cover)-- least expensive Oasis with leather cover = $309.98 (base Oasis, 8 GB, wi-fi only, special offers, leather cover)-- most expensive Oasis = $409.98 (base Oasis, 32 GB, wi-fi + cellular, without special offers, leather cover)A charger / power adaptor is not included. Amazons own 5W model is $19.99 and is a bit expensive. An equally capable charger can be purchased here on Amazon for much less.
The new Oasis finally brings waterproofing that I wished my Voyage had, and personally I appreciate the Audible integration. I do hope that a software update will bring the option for immersion reading eventually, and perhaps more control over font appearance. I will not do a full review as others have already done a great job covering the Oasis's strengths, with which I fully agree. Instead I want to call attention to the serious quality control issues plaguing this latest generation of Oasis, issues that Amazon should have worked out by now after launching so many Kindles.I pre-ordered the new Oasis, and since Oct. 31st have had to get two replacements just to have a unit with an acceptable display. The first one I received had a warped case and uneven screen with washed out blurry text. The second unit was also washed out and had a stuck bright pixel. Fortunately, the third Oasis I received finally had acceptable contrast and sharpness, though it's a noticeable step down from the screen on my Voyage. The Voyage has true deep blacks and sharp text that looks like it's printed on a page. The page surface is also whiter (even with the backlight off). All of that works to produce high contrast and an enjoyable reading experience. The Oasis has more of a gray page surface and the text never gets as sharp or as black. It's much more like reading on an lcd than e-ink. I suspect the issue stems at least in part from the increase in screen size without an increase in dpi. Perhaps it could be improved with a software update (I hope!) But I think the slightly different surface of the e-ink screen will always limit the contrast on the Oasis. An additional factor is that the screen on the Oasis seems slightly more recessed from the actual glass, while the Voyage's screen is virtually right up against the glass. I think that the anti-glare coating combined with that slight recess contributes to blurrier text on the Oasis. The bezel also casts more noticeable shadows along the screen edges as a result. It's unfortunate that the R&D; team missed these details. While I like the new features the Oasis brings, I don't want to lose quality on the most important element. The screen quality should have come first above anything else!In the attached image you can see how big a difference it makes if you're lucky enough to get a "good one." The last unit I received, with the good screen, is on the left, and the previous unit is on the right. They are both on the same book, same page, same font and brightness settings (auto brightness off), but there is a major difference in brightness, evenness, and contrast.This isn't unusual for a new product, but it is extremely disappointing and frustrating if you end up with a poor quality device, especially when the replacement is crappy too! If you don't want to risk having to spend hours coordinating replacements, I would suggest waiting until Amazon improves the manufacturing and quality control for the new Oasis.
I have a Paperwhite and a Voyage and I love them both. When the 2016 Oasis was introduced, I studied it, but the mandatory cover and several reviews made me wait. When I saw that a New Oasis was being released this month, I read the specs and knew I had to have it. The Audible capability wasnt important to me; I prefer to listen on my phone. Waterproof isnt a big deal for me either, since I dont read near water; but its nice knowing that a little rain wont kill it. So I pre-ordered the 32gb...more storage, more books! I selected wi-fi only; if Im going to be away from home, I download more books than I can possibly read in one trip. I also selected with special offers; Ill remove it later if it starts to annoy me. I did not purchase a cover, because I usually remove them and they end up in the bottom of a drawer. I did purchase a no-glare screen protector, which I installed as soon I opened the box.Now for why I just love my new Oasis:*Right out of the box, it was so easy to set up! As soon as I entered my wi-fi password, it connected immediately, greeted me by name, and promptly showed my library.*The screen is more responsive. When I enter my password, there is no lag time; it responds as quickly as my phone & tablets do.*The screen size is perfect! And I dont even notice any lights; it looks like a paper page. And the page turn is immediate!*I love the feel of it in my hand. Some reviewers mentioned sharp edges, discomfort, cant hold for too long, too heavy...I notice none of those things. I usually hold in my right hand and it fits perfectly! The side rests comfortably across my hand, with my thumb resting along the edge. On the back, where the thicker portion meets the thin, it curves slightly inward, where my fingertips are completely at home. With both my Paperwhite and Voyage, I constantly shift the device as my hand tires. Not so with this Oasis! I read for hours at a time and dont tire. And when I do switch it to my left hand, its instant and seamless, no waiting for the page to adjust.*The page turn buttons...some reviews said that the buttons are too loud. Really?! When I read those comments, I had to check mine. Its a tiny click, not loud at all (mostly felt, rather than heard)! The default setting is page forward on top, page back on the bottom. I left mine at that setting since it works for me. And, if you switch to the opposite hand, those settings stay the same.*Some reviewers are unhappy with the metal back, its too slick, too slippery, too cold...again, I notice none of those things. It feels substantial, certainly classier than plastic.*I love the new font sizes, and the ability to make them bolder, as well as the capability to switch to white print on black background. I set my Oasis to auto brightness, then adjusted it down to 8. The print on the page is so vivid!*So far, the battery life is great! Ive been reading for four days now, several hours per day, and it still has about half a battery remaining. This initial charge may not be indicative of true battery life, since part of it was used in the setting up and downloading, but Im satisfied with it.Now for what I dont like about it:...Cant think of a single thing!This is definitely a keeper for me! If anything comes up that changes my opinion or reinforces my opinion, Ill update my review.(Photo shows Oasis on the left, Voyage in the center, Paperwhite on the right, demonstrating the comparative sizes.)
My 1 star reflects both the quality of the device I received and the subsequent debacle that followed to deal with it.For reference, when I refer to "store," its one of the "Amazon Books" physical locations (in my case LA) where I sampled the device and subsequently bought it.After years of enjoying my paperwhite, I thought it would be a treat to upgrade to the New Oasis.  I wasn't particularly impressed by the original oasis at its steep price point, but like many others, was immediately sold by the "new" oasis that was waterproof and had a range of other new features. For reference, I dont use audible, so have/had no opinion on those options, but I do read hours per day on  my e-reader under both dark and bright ambient lighting situations.Overall, I was in love with the new oasis.  I know some people found the ergonomics strange, but I did not find the metal slippery, nor the corners sharp, nor any of the other complaints relevant to  my personal use.  Basically, it held perfect for me.  Extremely light, and the wide side bar with page buttons allowed me to literally balance this thing on my pinky comfortably or grip it like a book, whichever was more relevant to my position.  Additionally, the auto-flip on the screen was incredibly helpful when, for example i changed sides in bed, and consequently hands.  The extra screen size was awesome, it was fast, and there are host of subtle new things that I liked, which I wont bother to list here.However the breaking point was the screen on my particular device and the debacle it led to.  The screen in the store model was beautiful.  But the device i received at purchase had an extreme color gradient and diminishing illumination horizontally across the screen.  It was very blue (similar to the paperwhite) on the thick, grip side, and yellowish on the thin side.  The text also hazed out the further you got from the grip side.  This meant that after a short time of reading, my eyes were extremely strained from going line by line through clear to hazy, clear to hazy and color temp changes.  Amazon has been making illuminated readers for some time, so tolerating this kind of extreme in a brand new $300 model is a real stretch.  My first generation paperwhite, although not perfect in its illumination consistency, was leaps beyond the quality of this oasis, and that is saying something.I understand that there can be manufacturer's defects and sometimes a lemon, so i wasn't going to let this deter me completely from the product.  I contacted Amazon.com via chat, and they were very understanding and agreed to send me a replacement.  I EXPLICITLY asked if it would be refurbished, and that I would not accept a refurbished model since I'd literally bought the thing that day.  The rep told me it would be brand new.  Imagine my surprise then when I logged into my account to find that the replacement on its way WAS a refurbished model, from a 3rd party seller.  Amazon had even used a different credit card stored on my account (one that doesnt belong to me) to "authorize" the transaction rather than the card I used for the original purchase.Needless to say, this was not ok with me.  I canceled the replacement after a great deal of wait time, and plan to return the oasis for a refund.  I'm not sure what is going on with Amazon and this new device, but if the only way they could get me a good working model without the screen issue was to send one that had been fixed (possibly with the same issue mine had? - assumption, i know, but a legitimate one) then I am not interested in having a first generation of this device at all.  I'm very disappointed because I thought the new oasis was a real contender for a worthy expensive upgrade, but due to the first device being pretty awful in the area that matters most (screen consistency and clarity) and then amazon's indifferent action to resolve it, I think I'm going to move on.  I wanted to share this as a tale of caution, if nothing else.  Obviously I could keep hounding customer service online to get a proper new one sent, or i could keep going back and forth to a store that is not particularly close to me, but I'm too disenfranchised now to bother and have lost faith that this episode wont be repeated.  I'll either wait for Amazon to get its act together with the oasis and buy a model that doesn't have technical problems that lead to consumer nightmares or I'll find something elsewhere.I want to be clear... although I am not against refurbished electronics in general, they sell for discounted prices for a reason...they are used.  I think fixing and reselling bad devices is a great way to reuse materials and avoid waste oveall.  HOWEVER,  replacing a day old device with a manufacturer's problem with a refurbished item is completely wrong, for obvious reasons.  It basically means Amazon is passing on the hit from faulty manufacturing to its most valuable consumers, the ones who were willing to shell out top dollar for a brand new model.  Instead they should be selling those bad devices, refurbished, to customers who dont care and/or are willing to get a used one for the benefit of a discount.  Its extremely disingenuous and in my case, combined with a bad screen from the get-go, was a deal breaker.
SEE MY UPDATES AT THE BOTTOM OF THIS REVIEWI received my Kindle Oasis a day before the official release date (thanks UPS!) so Ive had some time to explore it already. Ive owned many Kindles throughout the years starting with the very first one (the white model with the funky liquid crystal scroll bar). I can already tell that the new Kindle Oasis is a keeper! I wont go over all of actual interface details and how the Kindle works as these are pretty similar between models. Instead I want to focus on the hardware itself and what makes the Kindle Oasis the Kindle to get!StyleThe Kindle Oasis is a high-end device and it looks like it! The front is a nice matte texture that extends all the way to the outer edges of the device and is framed by the aluminum back that creeps in from the sides to form a slight border. The screen itself is beneath this textured front so theres no edge on the screen where you can see the separate of the screen from the bezel. Its all smooth across the entire point other than the two small page turn buttons.The only other button on the unit is the sleep/wake button along the top edge.The back of the unit is a very nice dark silver aluminum with the Amazon logo printed tastefully on it. There is a slight hump on the back that takes up about a third of the total width. Im sure this is where Amazon has stashed the battery and other electronics, and it makes for a great grip for holding the unit with one hand.ControlAs I mentioned above, you can easily grip the unit with one hand using the hump on the back and then use your other hand just to support the other edge. This allows you to access the page turn buttons with your thumb. You can also flip the unit upside down if youd like to hold it with your other hand and the display will flip accordingly so your book is always right side up. The page turn buttons feel very nice and emit a very slight click when depressed. This isnt very loud but if you feel that your significant other may get annoyed with it if youre reading in bed you can always just tap the left or right side of the screen for silent page turning.The touch screen on the Kindle Oasis is very responsive and makes entering text a breeze. When you initially setup the unit you will need to enter your wi-fi password so this gives you a taste of how easy it is to enter text.Adjusting settings such as the screen brightness via the touch screen seems more responsive than on earlier models and the entire interface feels more like a tablet now. You wont get super smooth animation like with a traditional LCD display but you also wont get the eye strain either, and that tradeoff is just fine with me!Tapping the top of the display brings up the menu from any screen. From here you can quickly return to the home screen to switch books or go to the store to buy more books. You can also quickly access the most commonly used settings such as light brightness and airplane mode.Pushing the button on top of the unit puts it to sleep and, as you guessed, wakes it back up. When you wake the unit you have to do a Apple-esque swipe to unlock it. This prevents accidental button presses from waking the unit while its in your bag, purse, carrying case, etc.Overall the controls are just perfect. Amazon has put just what you need and nothing else. I really like that they have included the small physical page turn buttons rather than going with touchscreen-only controls. This gives you the option to page through your book in whichever way feels best to you.DisplayThe display is a great size and really feels like you are ready a small paperback book. The text is super crisp and looks more like paper than ever before.There are still the page refresh flickers from the eInk technology but compared to previous models they seem to be optimized now to only refresh the area of the screen that is actually changing rather than the entire page. So when you turn the page while reading the flicker is almost nonexistent unless you are changing to or from a page that has things other than standard text on it (for instance, the beginning of a new chapter that has larger fonts or stylized lettering).The lighting on the display is very even now. I had the original Kindle Paperwhite and always felt that the lighting on that model showed obvious signs of where the individual LEDs were positioned along the side of the screen. With the new Kindle Oasis you cant tell at all where the LEDs are placed. You get a very consistently even glow across the entire screen. I have noticed a VERY slight area that seems a tad brighter in one area but it isn't enough to bother me. I'll update this review if it gets worse. The display can get very bright, but more importantly it can get very dim but still be usable. This is great for reading in bed with somebody else whos already gone to sleep as you can have all the lights off in the room and have the Kindle Oasis at a brightness level that wont disturb the other person but yet still be bright enough for you to read.The one issue I have with the light is the control to adjust the brightness. Tapping the on-screen brightness control sometimes isnt very responsive. You also have to be careful if you are in the dark because if you adjust down too far the light will turn off completely and you wont be able to see the button on the screen to turn it back on.Of course if you are reading in daylight theres no need to even use the light and as always the eInk display is as easy to read in direct sunlight as paper.I really couldnt ask for anything more from the display (other than color eInk but it doesnt seem like well be getting that anytime soon). Reading on it is delightful, day or night.BatteryThe Kindle Oasis is claimed to have weeks worth of power from a single charge and although I havent been able to test this since I just got the unit I have no reason to doubt this claim based on past Kindles. The display technology is very power efficient and its this battery longevity long with the superior display that really make the Kindle Oasis a great alternative to reading books on your phone or tablet.The unit charges through a standard micro-USB connection so if you already have cables and chargers for micro-USB you can use them with your Kindle Oasis as well.WeightDespite having a gorgeous metal back the Kindle Oasis still manages to feel light in the hand. Holding it for reading is no problem. Holding it with one hand may get a little tiresome after awhile but you can comfortably hold it with two hands with hardly any effort at all.WaterproofingOf course one of the big new features with the Kindle Oasis is its waterproofing. I havent tried this and hope not to, but its nice to know that it should survive an accidental dip in the pool or splash from the ocean when youre reading on vacation. One of the few actual printed instructions that comes in the box is a note explaining how to drain the unit if you get it wet and how to wash it out with clean water if you happen to get it in salt water or some other potentially damaging liquid. The note stresses that just because its waterproof doesnt mean that you should use it underwater, so any dreams  of reading while snorkeling are going to have to remain dreams for now.SummaryThis is a premium device and it shows. If you are looking for a Kindle and can afford the extra cost for this one then dont hesitate. Theres no better way to read eBooks. Amazon has taken all my wishlist items such as premium materials, touchscreen while still having physical page turn buttons, high resolution display in a great size and aspect ratio, very even and controllable lighting, waterproofing, and good overall design, and cranked out their best product ever.Verdict: Buy it now!UPDATE 11/8/17: After reading with the Kindle Oasis for a week the bright spot in the lower right corner is really bugging me. It seems to persist regardless of which level of lighting I select. It's noticeably brighter in a circular area and then the light seems to fall off gradually to match the rest of the screen. Because of this I'm considering returning the unit and just getting a Voyage or Paperwhite. Stay tuned.UPDATE 11/10/17: The bright spot on the screen really bothered me, especially with this being a premium device. If it wasn't so expensive I could excuse the bright spot, but at this price level I really expect it to be flawless. I could attempt to exchange for a different unit but my experience in the past is that the replacement unit may have even more screen flaws and Amazon will not continually replace the device when the issues fall within what they consider acceptable (I may just be super sensitive - most people may not even notice a difference). I have instead opted for the Kindle Paperwhite for less than half the price of the Oasis. The Paperwhite definitely has light issues as well, but they are mainly along the bottom of the screen and in specific areas that don't really bother me since they bright spot doesn't overlay the text area. I have also found that the Paperwhite display is actually "whiter" than the Oasis (see attached comparison picture). I had both units set on the same brightness and to me the Paperwhite is a more pleasant shade for reading.Sure, the Paperwhite isn't waterproof, isn't quite as zippy when turning pages (talking milliseconds difference), is a little smaller, doesn't have as much storage (which doesn't really matter unless you need a ton of books available when you are away from wi-fi) ,and weighs a measly 5 grams more, but for my money the Paperwhite is the better device when you factor in the cost. I also like that the Paperwhite has the rubberized back and that the back is the same thickness on both sides. It feels easier to hold.So, while I stand by my original review that the Oasis is the best Kindle yet, the light bright spot coupled with the much higher price lead me to suggest the Paperwhite for most readers.
Great e-reader, but abysmal battery life. I bought mine from another retailer, because Amazon's wait time was too long and I wanted it for a long trip that started the following day.The screen is gorgeous, page turns are fast, lighting is even, the weight and balance are excellent.But all of that doesn't mean much if battery life is just a few (and I mean FEW) hours. I've had a Kindle Paperwhite and a first generation Oasis as well; this new one has the worst battery life by a lot.I have had a Kindle Oasis 2017 (32GB with Cellular) since 3 November. I'm very unimpressed with the battery life. In airplane mode, I think it lasted about 8 hours, brightness no higher than 8 and frequently at 2 or 3. With Cellular on, it was maybe 2-3 hours? I didn't track it, at that time.After the third full charge, I put it on WiFi, and it's had a good signal. I did also make sure it was not stuck indexing. My results from full charge to ! Battery depleted was under four hours. This time I tracked it; see below for brightness levels etc. Next testing will be with in airplane mode, with time and brightness tracked. I got this for travel/long flights, and this is NOT what I expected.Kindle Oasis 2017 battery lifeFull charge. WiFi on.Brightness  Time on  Time off  Total time0  2017-11-13 6:31pm  7:17pm  46min6  10:42pm  10:49pm  7min4; inverted  11:20pm  11:38pm  18min7  9:28am  9:58am  30min4; inverted  11:41pm  12:40am  59min4  2017-11-15 5:43pm  6:12pm - ! Low battery warning 29min4  6:12pm  6:29pm - v low battery warning 17min3hr 36min total
I am in love with this Kindle!  I am an avid reader that does most of my reading on my Kindle.  I have been using different Kindle devices since 2010 or so.  I have a Kindle Keyboard, Kindle Basic, Paperwhite, Voyage, and a Fire that I use at different times.  Each device has features that I like and over the years, I have had several things that I knew I would like to see in a device.  The first Oasis didn't have any real appeal for me but the moment I saw the specs for this version, I knew that I would have to add it to my collection.There are two features on this Oasis that came straight from my personal wish list.  The first is the larger screen size.  I have probably told my husband at least once per week that I would like a bigger Kindle.  Every single new release has had the same 6" screen with the expection of the DX which has not been made for some time and the Fires which I do like to use for reading.  The 7" screen is wonderful.  It is bigger without being cumbersome to handle.  The actual device is not much larger than my Voyage or Paperwhite.  It is a bit wider but the height is fairly equal.  The difference is that there is less of a frame around the screen.I was also very pleased to find page turn buttons on this device.  My Kindle Keyboard and Kindle Basic had this feature but the more recent trend has been a touchscreen such as with the Paperwhite.  I thought that I would like the page press on the Voyage but I found that it was the same as a physical button.  I have already read a novel on my new Oasis and loved being able to press a button to turn the page.  You can still turn pages with the touchscreen if you prefer but I am happy to have the buttons.  You do have to use the touchscreen for other commands and to access the menu features.I like that this Kindle has an aluminum back.  I think it feels like a much more solid e-reader and it feels nice in my hands.  I have not purchased a case for this device yet and have held it in one hand while reading.  It has felt very comfortable and natural.  I am also intrigued by the ability to invert the black and white on the device so the the print is white on a black background.  I did try this feature out just a bit and am not sure how much I will end up using it.  I am still happy to know that it is an option.I have not used the Audible feature on the device.  I do wish that the device had a headphone jack since I have a pair corded headphones that I love.  I am not going to purchase bluetooth headphones just to listen to my audiobooks on this device.  I listen to a lot of Audible audiobooks and have no issue doing so with my cell phone. I think that the size of this device would make it somewhat awkward to carry around in order to listen to my books.  I will be sticking to my cell phone for audiobooks for right now.  If I change my mind, it is nice to know that the device has the capabilities.I can easily say that the Oasis is my favorite Kindle that I have owned.  I like just about everything about it.  The clear and crisp screen is a very nice size, the page turn buttons are perfectly positioned, and the aluminum backing looks and feels nice. I bought the 32 GB device with cell connectivity and am looking forward to spending many quality reading hours with my new Oasis.
I really wanted to like this one. I really loved the original kindle oasis 1st generation, and thought this would be a great upgrade.The increased screen size is nice, but there was a yellowing & depth issue with the left side of the screen. Instead of the reader being flush and even all of the way across, it seemed like the e-ink would slightly sink into the base on the left side. There was also a slight yellowing on the left side of the display.My device was most likely defective, but the final issue that made me return it was the comfort factor. The  increased weight due to the stainless steel makes it harder to hold for long periods of time. It feels more clumsy than the super light 6 inch oasis. I wish the grip felt as comfortable as last years Oasis, but it just doesn't.If they could make 3rd generation plastic again, decrease the weight, and improve the ergonomics of the grip, I'd be interested.
I'll save the lengthy review, there's enough of them. Instead, offering a kindle pro tip for those that complain of the weight. I went from paperwhite 2016 to this oasis model, and I appreciate the aluminum backing's durability and style so it being a few ounces more is not an issue. PRO TIP: With the latest updates you can now change the orientation of the page, to landscape mode. This allows you to hold the Oasis with the thicker spine being along the bottom offering a nice evenly distributed and comfortable reading position while in bed or awkward angles. I now read like this most of the time. Follow the pictures to see how to get there in the Page settings. Enjoy you bibliophiles you.
This needs clarification, because there is a lot of bad information going out on the issue, so I'm putting it at the top of this review.  The Kindle Oasis DOES have text to speech.  It's now called VoiceView and this is how to get to it:  settings / Accessibility / VoiceView Screen Reader.  It does NOT require an audiobook to use, but it does require Bluetooth headphones.And now back to the review.This review is for those trying to choose between the two more advanced Kindle offerings.I love my Kindle Voyage.  I love it so much I asked for the upgrade for Christmas.  I received it.  I am now the proud owner of a 32g Oasis 2nd Gen, and I love that too, but not as much.  I'm writing this review now, because the flaws in the Oasis 2 have shown me just how perfect the Voyage is as an ereader.They have the same PPI, but I'm pretty sure the Voyage is clearer.  The Voyage definitely has a whiter background.  I set them to the same lighting level of 10 and set them side by side in front of a window.  The Oasis 2 is more yellow.  It took an increase in the light settings of 3 levels to achieve the same look on the Oasis 2.The devices also have practical differences.  The Voyage is symmetrical.  There are page press buttons on both sides, so switching hands while reading one handed is no big deal.  To do the same on the Oasis 2 or Oasis 1 for that matter requires you to flip the device.  No big deal, except that you have to relocate your spot on the page.  I suppose I could just wait to switch hands until I'm done with the page, but the Voyage does not make me strategize in order to read.  The experience with cases is also different.  I have aftermarket cases on both devices.  The case on the Voyage makes it easier to hold.  It's just too thin for my male hands without it, women's experience may vary.  The Oasis 2 however feels twice as heavy once the case is on.  I suspect it has something to do with the odd shape or just how wide it is, so I usually end up transporting it in the case but removing it to read.  Without a case it feels like you're holding perfection though.  I'm awed by how good it feels in my hands.  I never get that feeling from holding the Voyage case on or not.  Without the case the Oasis 2 actually feels lighter than the Voyage, a nice balancing trick that is pretty impressive.  Don't worry about the weight though.  The Voyage is extremely light.So in closing if you are trying to decide between these two devices, the Oasis 2 is only worth the additional cost if1.  You want the 7" screen2.  You want to listen to audiobooks on your ereader3.  You really like physical buttonsIf none of the above apply to you, then you're actually better off getting the Voyage.
Fast page turns. Perfect, larger screen. Super light.  Waterproof. My sole complaint is the meta case is slippery and harder to grasp than the plastic/rubber backed Kindles.  But I found a simple solution. Add a no slip safety square used to prevent slips in the shower. Like this one:https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B01NCYSH18/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o01_s00?ie=UTF8&psc;=1  It even has a very similar transparent and gray, as you see in the photo. It allows a great grip and even stays on when it gets wet at  the beach or pool.
Great Expectations Dashed - And Compounded by poor customer service.When we returned to US from International trip we requested help again regarding this "Lemon" of a $350.00 32 G Wifi/Cell. To-day Amazon provided their solution an we received an "All New Oasis" which turned out to be a poorly boxed refurbished unit.A brand new top of the line $350.00 Oasis malfunctions out of the box and Amazon thinks a refurbished unit is a suitable replacement - it is not!!!I have escalated and will update on Amazon's further "customer service".Original Problem - brand new $350.00 Oasis Kindle.4 hours reading on Airplane Mode and the battery is dead.Recharged same again.
First, I am retired and I am catching up on all the reading I did not have time for when I was working. So, I use and love my kindle. Also,this review is intended for those of us who need not have the latest and greatest technical advance but keep our devices for a long time.So, after 7 years of beloved use of my kindle keyboard I decided to upgrade.  I had my eye on the Voyage once the screen problems were corrected.  I considered the first Oasis but it seemed a bit inconvenient with the charging case and overpriced.I read all the reviews (Amazon site and online experts). Decided that a Paperwhite would be fine but what the hell I keep my devices seven years and read whenever I get a chance.I absolutely love it. Now remember much of what I love is available on the Paperwhite and Voyage. But some of what I love is not. The Oasis is remarkably light and easy to read with one hand, especially when sitting.  Forget that slippery, cold, sharp edge stuff you read in a lot of the 158 reviews I read.  I do not find the edges sharp or the device cold and the metal case is definitely more sturdy than the alternative plastic.and the lighting blows me away.For me it is definitely worth the $50 more than the Voyage.  Since I plan on another 7 years before I buy another kindle and how much I read it is worth the $130 difference from the Paperwhite.
I feel disappointed. I have been waiting for the device for so long, but after I received it and turn it on, I already notice the problem at first glance. The display area near the button, the display is whitish and brighter than the opposite area where the screen is dimmer and look more yellowish.
I am writing this review as a long-time Kindle user who, much to my familys dismay, has purchased every version of the Kindle since version one with the exception of the original Kindle Oasis (please, dont judge!).  I bought this one to replace my Paperwhite, which after hauling it around through various airports across the globe and dropped it a few times had become a little sluggish and need of a replacement.  As there are several different versions you can configure for this Kindle, to clarify I purchased the 32 GB version with both cellular and Wi-Fi connectivity.The immediate benefit of this version of the Oasis is the larger screen at seven inches versus the six inch of both the original Oasis and the Paperwhite.  Why does that matter?  You get more words on the screen with the same font  thats great for people like me as my up close eyesight gets worse with each day.  The fonts are much more crisp and readable (for lack of a better word) as there are more pixels per inch than previous version of my Paperwhite.  I also like the fact there are more lights in the backlight display which makes it easier to see when the lighting around you is darker  no, its not like a flashlight but something that really enhances the reader experience as reading on a plane at night this past week was a much better experience not only for me but the people on my row.It is also very lightweight, and holding it without a case seems like a feather even though it has a larger screen  they have really skinnied down the thickness in comparison to other models.  I do prefer a case, as it makes it feel like I am really reading a book and also to protect the Oasis for the inevitable drop, and Amazon has a limited amount of versions.  Unfortunately, the cases that are available right now are not only expensive but they are not functional and slip off easy and really dont protect anything.  In other words, unless you have money to burn, I would see if you can wait on a case until third-party providers start making them available.The processor inside is allegedly faster, but I have no way to measure its efficiency other than the pages turn quicker; you can turn to the next page by tapping the side of the screen or pushing one of the buttons on the side.  Its also a lot faster adding and removing books from different categories as I finish or add new books than previous versions  gone is the 30 second wait of doing that on my Paperwhite (I have about 500 books on my Kindle).I am not much on audiobooks but I realize some people are.  This years version of the Oasis allows you to play audiobooks  there arent speakers or a headphone jack built into it but the Oasis does have Bluetooth capability.  Setting up my basic pair of Bluetooth speakers was easy and the sound quality is good.  I think this is a great addition for the vision impaired or for those who like to listen to audiobooks, but please note it does not appear you can listen to an audio version and read along with the text at the same time.This version is also allegedly waterproof - I did not test it out but will take their word for it.  I wouldn't recommend you test it out by sitting in the bathtub reading: you don't want to be the person where it failed and die from electrocution!As I mentioned above, I bought the 32 Gb version with both the cellular and WiFi connectivity  thats the most expensive version and it cost quite a bit at $349; that is very expensive if you are a casual reader vs. a bookaholic like I am.  I picked the cellular version as I dont have reliable WiFi many times due to my travel areas and I want to be able to receive my blog and newspaper subscriptions when I am on the road; if you have consistent WiFi coverage, I would recommend sticking with the WiFi only version and save a few bucks.  If the price doesnt scare you off of this one and you read a lot, I would recommend this one  on the other hand, if price is a consideration or if you are a casual reader, I would recommend the Paperwhite vs. this one as it is still a very nice e-reader and they have better cover options to protect your Kindle.
I've told my husband for years that if Amazon ever makes a waterproof Kindle I'm throwing my money at them.  The time has arrived!!  I've owned many Kindles and am a big bathtub reader.  I drowned one Kindle and have since been reading them through a plastic bag.  Very underwhelming.  The new Oasis is gorgeous.  I am smitten.  Beautiful, even lighting.  I was quickly won over by the bigger screen.  I skipped the first Oasis so this is my first introduction to the lopsided form factor.  At first I was a bit put off, but now I can honestly say this is the first Kindle I've truly been able to comfortably read one handed.  Love. Love.  Love.
(This review was originally posted on Among The Reads - amongTheReads.net)I do confess to loving technology, and I have owned the Kindle Keyboard, Kindle Touch, Kindle Paperwhite, and Kindle Voyage.  But I did have good reasons for each upgrade.  After having my Kindle Voyage since 2014, I woke up one Saturday morning in October to discover it wouldnt turn on.  After a minor panic, I spent time searching the internet for cures and even called Amazon (only to lose the connection due to our terrible cell signal!)  So my husband and I talked about it and decided that it was time to use the points we had been accumulating from our Amazon card and get me a new Kindle.I knew that I needed a Kindle with a built in light at a minimum.  As I looked at the specs of each of the Kindles, I kept coming back to the slightly bigger screen of the Kindle Oasis and the fact it is waterproof (I have been known to read in the bathtub on occasion.  After much deliberation and prayer for wisdom, I decided to order the Oasis and prepared to be Kindle-less until the end of the month.Fortunately, after a day of using my phone to read (yuck!), I did some more searching and found someone who recommended charging the Kindle directly to a wall outlet using a Kindle charger.  I rolled my eyes and decided it was worth trying.  And as strange as it sounds, that actually solved my problem!  My husband graciously agreed to let me still get the new Kindle, on the condition that my old one would go to him.Kindle Oasis vs Kindle VoyageI have now had my Kindle Oasis for almost a week and wanted to share a comparison between the two models and give you my impressions.First off, the Oasis is not cheap.  Starting at $249 for the version with wireless and Special Offers compared to the Voyage which is $199 for the same.  Both are side-lit, both have the option to get the free cellular coverage (for an additional cost, of course).WiFi Only vs Free Cellular CoverageAfter getting the cellular coverage and not paying to remove the Special Offers on my first Kindle, I decided that WiFi works perfectly fine as I am mostly in places that I can get it, and when Im not, I can use my phone as a hot-spot if I really have to download a new book when Im at the airport or grocery store.Special Offers or not?And for me, it is worth it to pay to not have the Special Offers on the screen saver of my Kindle.  At first, the offers were pretty good, but they ended up being for things I never need or care about.  The worst part of the special offers, in my opinion, is that offers show up on the screensaver, and you have no control over the content.  So I might have my Kindle on my desk at work with a picture of the cover of a horror book or a really steamy romance book.  Or diapers.  Sorry.  Just not interested in having to see that!Kindle Oasis vs Kindle Voyage - ReviewThe picture attached has the Kindle Oasis on the left, the Voyage on the right.  As you can see, the screen of the Oasis is considerably larger than the Voyage.  Though I couldnt discern a difference in the clarity of the text, there are more font options and more ways to control the appearance of the screen on the Oasis.You might also notice that the screen of the Voyage has a glare, while the Oasis does not.  The overall color of the screen and the quality of the reading surface of the Oasis was significantly nicer than the Voyage.  The description that keeps coming to mind is that is that the Oasis is softer, but not as in fuzzy text.  It is just gentler on the eyes.Weight/FeelThough the weight of the Oasis is a half ounce more than the Voyage (6.8 vs 6.3 ounces), I seriously found that the Oasis feels lighter.  As I started to write this review, I had it in my head that the half ounce difference was in favor of the Oasis and was an influencing factor.  When I looked up the actual weights, I was surprised.  My thought is that the larger size of the device has the weight distributed differently causing it be better balanced and thus feel lighter.  Or something like that.The Oasis is much thinner than the Voyage, and is designed to be turned over so you can switch hands as you read for comfort.  When I read in my recliner at home, I have my Kindle on a tablet arm, but I do spend quite a bit of time reading in other locations and have found that I really like the ability to flip it over and switch hands when I need to.  Lately Ive found that I like setting the display so I can have the wide part of the device at the bottom to hold it from there.The buttons for turning the pages are placed in a good spot.  I have the option with the Oasis to either use the buttons or simply touch the screen to navigate.  I find I use both options, probably because Im not used to using the buttons on the Voyage.Power ButtonThe one thing I dont like is the placement of the power button.  It is at the bottom of the Kindle (if you are holding it with the buttons on the left) and close to the edge.  Normally it isnt a bad thing, but I keep thinking that when I have it in the tablet arm that the mechanism that holds the Kindle will press on the button and turn it off.  So far, Ive been able to place it so that doesnt happen.  However, I have to confess that I have been known to read while I brush my teeth, placing my Kindle between the sink and the mirror.  In the week Ive had the Kindle, it has turned off in the middle of my brushing.  As soon as I see it happening, I realize that I once again placed it with the power button against the counter, and the weight of the device causes it to sink into the button and thus turn it off.  How embarrassing!CapacityWhile I dont tend to read multiple books at the same time, I do get lazy about removing them from my Kindle.  And when I get a new book from Amazon, it is sent to the Kindle by default.  As the device fills up, it slows down, which is annoying.  The storage on the Voyage is 4 GB, which sounds like a lot, but I have managed to get to the slow-down point on it quite easily.  The Oasis starts at 8 GB and if you want, you can get it with up to 32 GB of storage.  I dont plan on using it for Audible, so I should have lots of room for my e-books on it.Overall ImpressionOverall, I have to say Im delighted with the Oasis.  It is hard to say if I would have paid this much for the upgrade if I didnt have the points available because it wasnt an option for us at this time, but I really, really like my new Oasis.  And the way I see it, what I paid for it is less than a few nice-looking bookshelves and much harder to make look messy or cluttered.
So I really want to love this guy. The form factor is nice. The leather case I got is great. The ink looks amazing. The lighting is even. I like having physical buttons. I like that the screen flips when I rotate it. And, well, I can read books on it!Also, the origami case thing is great. I do like the Foley thing.The bad:Its not that easy to hold one handed. Its a little slippery, a little to heavy, and awkward to change pages.But now the real problem. And amazon please chime in here if I have a dud or something: battery life. My old paper white got like 20x the battery length, with WiFi on, compared to the oasis 2 with WiFi off. Not sure if mine is defective? But I was at 50% after reading for maybe 4 hours. So? Not good.My conclusion is that a kindle paper white is still the best kindle. Its way cheaper and does everything this one does, except have physical buttons. And I dont care about listening to audible books on my e reader. I have a smartphone. Everyone has a smartphone. Most importantly, I want a kindle that I dont have to plug in every night!
Love:larger screen sizeslight sepia tone of screen (vs. super white light screen of original Oasis)more font sizesability to darken fonts for better contrastoption for large page number and percentage read in bottom cornersHate:super slippery cold aluminum backsharp edges where metal meets glasspointy corners that poke into my palm when holdingthe clicking sound when you change pages (definitely louder than original Oasis)cover (comes separately) bad, bad designAudible books option-- completely unnecessary bloat in my opinion--especially since-you can't read and listen at the same time-there is no headphone jack--Bluetooth only. I rarely listen to Audible, but when I do, I can use my phone, Alexa or other devices.I feel like I have to compromise comfort for features. Jury is still out on whether or not I will keep it.UPDATE Nov 30--As seen in comments below, the Popsockets saved my Oasis. I also added Everbilt 2-inch anti-slip pads on the back to cover the cold slippery aluminum. The pads make it comfortable and give a secure grip. It doesn't look so great, but since I can't see the back while reading, it doesn't matter. It is too bad that I had to add these modifications to make it work, but I now truly enjoy reading on my new Oasis.
UPDATE. i just read a 300 page book and had to recharge FOUR times. I've been on the phone with customer service for over an hour. DOWNGRADE TO A ONE STAR. BATTERY LIFE IS NOT GOOD. IT DRAINS WAY TOO FAST. BYE BYE OASIS .this is my 4th or 5th kindle.PROS.crisp clear ink.love the adjustable bold settingslove the adaptive lighting. love the easy highlighting.love the buttons with all my heart.love the amigurami cover for standing the oasis uplove the magnetic on and off with the coverlove that amazon logo is not in the center of the coverlove that it works with audibleCONS. the aluminum body is COLD. Even with the case....this is a cold ereader and i don't like that at all. In fact I hate it.  The aluminum body is SLICK and slippery.  Its also a lot heavier than the original oasis. This is like a brick compared to the first oasis.Didn't realize i wanted immersive reading until i read other reviewsSUMMARY...I know nothing is perfect....but this  new oasis is close. So, I love it but HATE the aluminum body which adds weight  and  coldness.
I pre-ordered this Kindle so I've been reading on it for just about a week.  Not going to do a detailed review as there are some already here.  This is my fifth Kindle.....have had all except for Voyage....and have been reading on the first Oasis since it came out in Spring of last year.  I usually read for hours every day so the battery never lasts very long but I will say this battery charges very very quickly so it isn't a big deal.  I would estimate that I can read for about 4-5 days on a full battery....that is many many hours of reading considering I read anywhere from 4 - 9 hours daily.  This Kindle has a very solid feel to it but I agree with others that it is slippery and with my arthritis I first wondered whether I would be able to find a way to hold it, but I have and it's even comfortable. You always have the option of buying the cover. For me, the page turn buttons are in a perfect location but it really just depends on the size of your hand and how you hold it.  And you do notice how much more you read on a page with this bigger screen plus the page turns are so quick you don't even notice so it really is a continuous reading experience.  Now, for the reason I pre-ordered this expensive Kindle when I already had the original Oasis.....for me it's all about the new option to invert the black and white (found at Settings, Accessibility).....the page becomes black and the text is white and it removes all the brightness, the glare and eye strain that were problematic to me with all previous Kindles.  It is a total game changer for me and I just can't overstate what a difference it makes.  And for that reason alone it was completely worth it for me to buy this Kindle.  It is expensive and only you can decide if it's worth the expense.  It is anawesome reading experience!
So far, a tale of two Kindle experiences.The first tale is the screen. The visual experience is marvelous. Best screen of the many Kindle models Ive owned.Second tale is the ergonomics. Its a sad tale. The slippery aluminum back requires a tight grip. Oh wait, whats that cutting feeling...? Why, its the sharp edge of the aluminum back digging into the skin of your hand. Thinking of reading in bed and balancing the Kindle Oasis on your sheets? Its not happening friend because the smooth aluminum back isnt staying put.Thus, I cant see keeping the Kindle Oasis. I will likely return it and go back to the Paperwhite with its inferior screen.... but at least my hand wont cramp up while trying to hold it.
What others have stated. Blurry screen and really poor battery life. Charge to 100% read for an hour then it's down to around 75%. Wth is that? My phone is better than that.Really confused as to why the battery is so poor. I have Bluetooth always off and even put it on airplane mode with no wifi and still have bad results.
Many articles can tell you the different specifications between the old and new Kindle Oasis.  I am giving my opinion as to how I use the device.  I would have given the product a 4.5 stars with weight and slickness of the aluminum back, however, since I can only choose 4 or 5, its strengths outweigh the weakness.I bought my first Kindle OASIS with 3G the first quarter of 2017.  When I heard that Amazon was coming out with a new version, I preordered it.  I was excited about the increase in memory, the larger screen size, and the water proofing.  When it arrived, I noticed it was really heavy compared to the older Oasis.  It was so much heavier that it surprised me.  The aluminum backing is really slick and within just a few minutes of holding it, it slipped right out of my hands and fell on a chair cushion.  I thought, note to self, be more careful.  This is not a huge issue, but I have to remind myself to be careful or I may drop it again.The screen on the new Oasis is really nice.  It is hard to believe that one inch can make a difference, however, reading a very large novel it makes a noticeable difference.  Last night I realized the larger amount of text that fits on the page with the settings I use.  So my finger hits the button to advance the page lessLOL!  Ok, that really does not matter, but it was just a nice feature that I did not think would make a difference at all, but I like it.  I also really like the auto light adjust.  I dont really set the brightness myself anymore.  When I sit back and turn on the Kindle Oasis, I see the brightness adjust and I just start reading.  Adding the auto brightness control was a nice touch.The new Oasis is supposed to have a new processor.  I tried to notice if there was a speed increase with turning pages.  There may be but it seems to be only a slight increase.  I am reading the Wheels of Time series and everything works as I would expect it too.  I think it is cool that any book with an audio book attached shows up as a headphone icon in the library.  (I have not use the audio book feature yet.)  The rapid charge capability is really a great touch.  I use a rapid charge on my watch and phone.  It is nice to have one on my Kindle too since I keep it near me when possible.I bought a leather and waterproof cover.  I like the waterproof cover better because the weave has a texture to it that can help me hold the Kindle without the fear it will slip out of my hands again.  While the new Kindle is better in almost every way, there is one area where I still prefer the old kindle.The older Oasis is really light weight.  There are times I really like that.  The older Oasis had a rubber section on the grip so I was less likely to let it slide away from me.  It may not be as durable as the new Oasis, but when I am just reading in a chair, it is really nice.  Outside of this, I prefer the newer Kindle in every other way.Should anyone upgrade?  That is a personal choice.  I love to read my Kindle Oasis (2016 & 2017).  My Kindles are my favorite device and that is saying a lot!  The new version has wonderful features and more memory, however the older version is noticeably lighter and really a winner as well.  To me, it was worth the upgrade.  Hope this helps.
I've just received this Oasis on Nov 1 as a special birthday gift for my fianc. I'm so glad to see him really loves it. I have my kindle Paperwhite, so I can compare my Paperwhite to his Oasis. I can only say that the Oasis can beat the Paperwhite in overall except its high price. The good things of the Oasis are its light weight, the bigger screen size, the faster page turning and the elegant appearance. That's all I feel that It's worth the money!!(In the picture, I set both kindles in the same modes, i.e, font size: 5 and light: 8. The oasis does a better job as it can provide more words in one page; However, the Paperwhite is still the best budget)
Ergonomically unfriendly - difficult to hold in one hand or pick up with one hand.  The battery only lasts 2 days at most (with Wifi off).  Depending on how you hold it (not touching the buttons) it will index several pages on its own.  This is my 4th kindle and the worst by far.  I find myself using the kindle paperwhite (with damaged pixels) rather than the Oasis E-reader 7" (2017).  Very disappointed.
I'm coming from a first generation paperwhite and this is a huge upgrade for me. I've been looking at the voyage and the previous gen oasis as upgrade options but there was never really a standout feature that could get me to bite the bullet. The waterproof feature is what makes all the difference for me. Being able to finally read in the tub or pool is great.The construction feels great. It's lighter than my paperwhite but what  I really notice is how well balanced it is. I can easily support it with a few fingers and this makes it ideal for reading while lying down. The screen is fantastic and displays much better contrast and clarity at the same brightness levels as my paperwhite. I have no use for the Audible feature but the construction, screen quality, and waterproofness are enough for me to justify the significant cost.Looking at other reviews, I have to wonder if there aren't severe quality control issues going on. Some have had issue with sharpness of the edges. On mine, they are perfectly well rounded and I can't feel any edge at all. I've seen other reviews mention issues with contrast or yellowing of the page due to the backlight. Again, on my device these aren't apparent in the slightest. Looking at a video review from a  customer that had these issues, it's almost like we bought different models altogether. I highly suggest that anyone experiencing these issues exchange theirs for another device before settling or returning completely.
I really like the size and everything of the tablet.  The text looks great and the lights are very clear.  My biggest complaint is that it's not very comfortable at all to hold while you're lying in bed.  The little indention works great when you're sitting down or standing up, but lying in bed, it puts a lot of pressure on your thumb and fingers and I'm constantly having to readjust it which I've never had a problem with on my old e-readers.One thing I did that's helped a lot is I got a "popsocket" like people use for their cellphones for it and it helps reading in bed a lot.  I see that they also sell some straps that would probably work also.  You definitely need something for it if you usually read in bed.
When I first started using the new Oasis I had some qualms and thought I would return it.  I've had a 1st gen Kindle Paperwhite for the past five years and I was looking to upgrade to something faster (the Paperwhite is slow as molasses), with better lighting, and a better display (honestly, I was hoping that a 4th gen Paperwhite was going to be released this year).  Despite the price, I decided to take the plunge on the new Oasis.First off, the build quality is great; there is no question that this is a premium device.  Navigating through the menus and screens is super snappy.  Having more screen real-estate is great, especially with how much sharper it is than the screen on my aging Paperwhite.  The LEDs illuminate the screen with perfect evenness.  The buttons have a great tactile feel and and super clicky.  The touch screen is super responsive... and I mean SUPER responsive.  This is an unexpected improvement over my Paperwhite (even if it does mean that I sometimes accidentally turn the page when I absentmindedly let my thumb wander).  The new Oasis is also considerably lighter in the hand than my Paperwhite.However, once I started using the device I had a few reservations which I've slowly been getting used to.-The ergonomics are very different than the Paperwhite I've grown so used to.  Finding that "sweet spot" in my grip while holding the Oasis took some experimentation, and it is becoming more comfortable.-There is a lot of lag when waking the Oasis from a sleep state.  On my Paperwhite I open the cover and the screen instantly pops to life.  The Oasis... not so much.  Whenever I open the cover or press the power button I am greeted with a "Waking Up" message and it takes a few seconds for the home screen or the book I'm reading to load.  I am hoping that this will be addressed in a future firmware update.-The screen takes some getting used to.  With the high resolution everything is super sharp, but the perceived contrast is not as good as the Paperwhite.  I'm finding this to be a result of the fact that, due to the high resolution of the Oasis, the font weight is lighter.  I have to boost the boldness of the text, but once I do the contrast issue is no more.  Once you're in a book, the page layout (margins, line spacing) are very different than I'm used to on the Paperwhite (even with the same settings selected).  It took some playing around to find a setting on the Oasis that suited the screen and how I am comfortable reading.-I was really excited by the idea of auto brightness, but in practice I found it to be really distracting.  Even with the slightest change in my position or the clouds moving in front of the sun coming through my window, the front light would very noticeably change, interrupting my reading.  I'm finding that manually setting the brightness between 10 and 13 suits my needs in any ambient lighting condition.All in all, I'm really liking this device.  The next feature I'd love to see in future iterations is warmer LEDs to be used in the front light.  Why, Amazon, do you insist on using the same cool blue-white LEDs that are found in the first Paperwhite from five years ago?  I'd much rather see a neutral or soft white.
UPDATE since November purchase 1. Clearly, Amazon's Kindle Product Management Team did not conduct anthropological and UX consumer field tests in northern states. The coldness of the unit maks  holding it painful to the point of needing a barrier between fingers and metal surface, and the totally smooth back, combined with unit weight means unusual finger pressure must be applied to hold it without dropping or sliding which leads to hand and finger muscular fatigue. A simple fix of a thin silicon skin would have aliviated this issue.2. Battery life is shorter than Voyage or Original Oasis.Significantly short.3. Pages skip rapidly and at random when Oasis 2 is  held in one hand with thumb initating page turns - in all books purchased.4. I have experienced three total freezes where the Oasis 2 can't be turned off and must wait until unit self-rebootsMy initial review is below. Most appauling Us Amazon's Kindle Team's lack of response and marketing department arrogance in not addressing these issues. As a long time Amazon (and Kindle) customer, i expect more of a company that enjoys such consumer loyalty  I love it, really enjoy the reading experience (screen crispness, illiumination,) overrides the flaws that are serious enough that unless you are a voracious e-book reader or high-loyalty Kindle customer, you might want to consider the smaller 6" Oasis with integrated cover or the narrower/heavier Voyager.1) the Kindle Product Group should consider offering a one or two finger back-of-Oasis2017 accessory that makes it easier to hold the Kindle with one hand. Too much one hand pressure is needed to hold the Kindle comfortably.2) the touch screen is too sensitive at the left edge causing multiple page advances if just a small portion of one's thumb brushes the screen.3) the "clicks" when using the hard buttons emit a far-too-loud sound that in the quiet of a bedroom is loud enough to interfere with the sleep of a partner.4) Kindle/Amazon should be mature and self-assured enough not to over-promise on battery life. Real-time usage gives the battery only a day or so before recharging is necessary. To advertise weeks is just purly misleading, and  beneath what I believe Jeff Bezos has in mind as to what Amazon stands for. It's unconscionable.5. It seems that arrogance has taken over the Kindle group, and consumer real-use research has been thrown to the side to just rely on the opinions of Amazon product managers or hired anthropological researchers  that do not conduct pre-release research in "living lab" ICT usage studies with both light and heavy users of Amazon Kindles. If they did, the buttons would be silent, the accessory offerings would include finger holders for back-of-Kindle one-hand support, and a less slippery back panel so hand grips that would need less muscular pressure would be part of the launch product design. The almost complete absence of Kindle Customer Service managers' responses to questions or comments about the new Kindle or the problems with the new covers support this thesis.6. Having my previous WiFi with 3G Kindles all having "offerings" on sleep and wake up screens, I am offended that I could not get that for the slightly lower pricing on the 32Gig 3G, WiFi Oasis2017.I am not disgruntled, rather I am a loyal heavy Kindle user who owns this new Kindle w WiFi & 3G, the 6" Oasis, and the Voyager -- all the older Kindles with 3G offerings and have owned all previous Kindles to the Voyager. I am still happy with the new Oasis, but feel disappointed that Amazon could not have done better with a bit more consumer hands-on research and conversations with existing users.
I have had several Kindles, Kindle Keyboard, Touch, Paperwhite, and Voyager.  I'm just not in love with this kindle enough to justify the price, that it weighs more, or that it just doesn't feel great to hold.  If you are looking to buy an e-reader and don't already have one, this is a good reader but I just don't think it offers enough over the voyager.I read all the time and always have a 'purse kindle' with me so I do use my voyager all the time.  I know a lot of people don't always tote theirs around everywhere but it's just something to keep in mind when you read my review.Better battery life:  The Oasis seems to drop battery pretty quickly but it shouldn't be according to the info on Amazon's website.don't know that it should be.  The battery adds weight and for me, it's easier to charge that to have the weight.  It's not like we're talking bout the other kindles needing to be charged that often (maybe every other week for my voyager).  With the Oasis I feel like I'm dragging around all of this weight for no gain since the battery life isn't great.Waterproof:  I read in the tub an in my pool frequently but I have never dropped a kindle in the water.  That being said, I do use a fancy waterproof case (ok, maybe it's a ziplock) just to be on the safe side (I have dropped paperbacks in the tub before and yeah, not a good time).  I can absolutely imagine someone dropping it in water but I can't imagine it really being submersed but this is a great feature of the Oasis.Bigger screen:  I do really like the new screen but I don't think the extra weight is worth it.  I do like the inverse text color where you can set it to a black background.  I noticed this was for when you are reading in low light but I noticed the screen changed back for a second when I switch pages which is then REALLY bright when you're used to the black background.Audible integration:  it was lame when they took this feature away way back when (I think the kindle keyboard was the last one to have a speaker?) but now, I have Audible on my phone and why do I want to store books here when I still have to connect to a Bluetooth speaker.  I think they added this because of complaints about the change a while ago but took too long to add it back when it's not really needed anymore but others may find this useful.**The cases:  I'm not rating the kindle on the case since it's separate but I will comment on it here since they are both from Amazon.  I have a cheapo case for my voyager that is a stand, has a hand strap and it is sturdy.  I'm not sure why Amazon can't make a multifunctional case.  The current offering has a weak magnet and a crappy stand that only works when you hold the kindle in one direction when you ae supposed to be able to switch hands seamlessly.
Update 11/18/17 - I sent the Oasis back and bought a new Voyage. The battery life was the killer for me. It was fully charged at 3:30 pm last Sunday I read for about 2 hours and it was at 68%. I started reading around 8:00 pm Monday night at 68%, I read for about 3 hours Monday night and had to charge overnight Monday again.  However I do miss the 7 inch screen the new gen 9 Oasis has.I loved the new Oasis at first.  I found it a tad awkward to hold but quickly got used to it. I love the fact its waterproof because a relaxing bath while reading is one of my favorite things. The bigger screen is nice also.  I also like that you can reverse the white screen to black so its easier on the eyes when reading in bed. What I am extremely disappointed in is the battery life. I could go for 7-10 days between charges on my Voyage. Ive had my Oasis for 13 days and have just recharged it for the 4th time! Im currently trying to decide if I want to return it and go back to the Voyage.I say go with the Voyage, unless you want the Oasis  mainly for the waterproof factor or bigger screen.
My advice to Amazon:1) Lose any sharp edges.  This includes the 4 corners firstly and also the edge of the screen.2) Move the next page button higher to a natural place where the thumb would be.  Could move both buttons further apart achieve this.  Also the buttons should be moved slightly left so that they are not all the way to the edge of the device.3) Trade in the cold aluminum for a warmer grippy material.4) Not sure if this is software or hardware but the background sometimes flickers from.white to black or vice versa when next paging or moving between screens.  I don't want the flickering to happening at all especially when I'm reading late at night but really don't want it ever so please fix this.  Seems like a pretty major thing to be happening and i can't imagine it was not known about prior to realease.  Please fix this!4) Make a good cover for the deviceDo this and you would have a great kindle.
I am a little surprised how quickly I have gotten used to the larger page. the six inch paradigm now feels a little too small. That is worth the price of admission! Yes, the e-reader is pricey, but I use my kindle every single day -- at least at night when work kids and all other obligations are through. We unplugged from television years ago.  I don't need to update my ipad. I love my Kindle, I have owned every eink version made and each iteration I have loved a little more. If you love to read, you understand that. If you just want an occasional e-reader, grab a kindle paper-white. It is a terrific e-reader and an amazing value. This device is aimed at us kindle-a-holics. Any downsides? The magnets holding the cover to this one are a little less strong. Not a huge issue, but the other felt more secure when I put it away. The added little bit of weight has led me to taking off the cover to read.Why get it? The screen, it is big without being silly big,  crisp and  the lighting is even. I don't worry too much about the kindle being water proof, but I suppose around vacation time that will be a nice to have. I got this one for two reasons. My younger son wanted my first oasis and I liked the bigger screen.I would have ordered this in any event just to try it, but I knew when I started reading, I was going to keep it.I also like the leather -- more like suede -- cover. I was a little tired of the merlot from my last Kindle so I went for the "tan" (what an awful way to describe what turns out to be a lovely rich brown on the lighter side). I got the leather, because it was actually a little cheaper if you went for the "bundle" with power brick. The standing feature works well and I really prefer it to the "origami" cover that came with the voyage because it opens like a book and isn't floppy.
I really wanted to love this, but it's just not worth it.I like reading while laying down, and I usually hold my Paperwhite with one hand. The only problem was changing pages with one hand. I really thought this would help more than it did. Strangely enough, I don't really find it any easier to hold, and I actually think holding my Paperwhite is easier believe it or not.The aluminum is cold and it can be slippery. My Paperwhite is sturdy and I feel like I'd break the Oasis more easily. I wouldn't want to just toss it in my backpack like I do my Paperwhite.The screen is nice and I like the resolution and lighting. The lack of bezel is nice and make changing pages with a swipe of your thumb really easy. The buttons are okay too. Page transitions happen faster than my Paperwhite. Changing hands is clumsy and I usually end up accidentally changing the page.What it made me realize is that I probably want to try a Voyage instead.
Holding the Kindle randomly changes pages.  Why is the plastic on the edge of the screen sensitive to touch?  With the page turning buttons  Amazon should allow you to disable the touch screen page turning.  Would be 5 stars if they fixed this glaring flaw.
This review is for the All-New Kindle Oasis E-reader - 7" High-Resolution Display (300 ppi), Waterproof, Built-In Audible, 8 GB, Wi-Fi - Includes Special OffersMy only complaint is that there is still a lag when you click on anything. Amazon needs to up the processor more.I had the original Oasis and I found it to be a tad small. Not much better size wise than reading on your big phone.I also have had two paper whites and tried to get a voyage with a good screen (tried 4), but gave up as they all had yellowish tint and shadows.As you can see getting a good e reader screen is hit or miss with the kindles.The new Oasis that I received has a good one with little discoloration. I have a photographers eye so not much will get past me. There is some, but not much.I like the size. More like the size of a real paperback book. If you like the size of your current kindle, don't get this one. Its as simple as that.It is not as pocketable and portable feeling as the first Oasis or Voyage / Paperwhite.They did kick up the quality of the body with the metal and all. It feels more Apple quality like. If you don't like Apple feel, then you won't like the new Oasis. If you like the rubber feel of the current Kindle, stay where you are at. The screen is bigger and waterproof, with the added audile bluetooth capacity.So far I am enjoying it. I did not get a case for it, as I am just going to tuck it in an iPad sleeve when I go out, or have a dedicated pocket in my messenger bag so other stuff doesn't grind into it. Battery life is good. I have been reading for several days and have not charged it yet since the unboxing.
Do not listen to the negative reviews on this product.  It's not cold.  The only way this could be cold is if you left it in the freezer for a bit.  The edges aren't sharp, as you can see from the pictures.  It isn't even remotely heavy.  These people have got to be minions of a competitor coming on here to bash a superior product.  This is the first Amazon product that when I picked it up for the first time I said "wow".  With your fingers at the edge of the chunky area and your thumb at the page turn buttons, you can hold this for hours with no problem. Turning pages and browsing the store are extremely faster than when using a Paperwhite. The only thing I can complain about is that the battery does not last "weeks".  More like a single week, if that.  Pretty sure that letting it charge for a couple of hours a week isn't that big of a deal, but I do wish they would change their marketing as it is incorrect.I adore my Paperwhite, but if you have the extra cash to snag this then do not hesitate.
I've owned a number of Kindles in the past, and chose to upgrade my 2 year old Voyage for this model.  I also purchased the leather cover.  Out of the box, I was pleased with the balance, feel, and look of the new model Oasis.  It feels good in-hand, and was easy to grip.  I didn't notice the sharp edges others have mentioned.  What I did notice was a lack of contrast and clarity in the display.  Compared to the Voyage, the text just doesn't pop nearly as much.  The background is quite a bit darker with the backlights on both units off, and it has a slight yellowish tinge.  As you increase the brightness, the Oasis is consistently darker for each setting, and the text muddier.  It's hard to believe that both have a 300ppi screen.  The backlight on the new Oasis is very consistent at least, no shadows or bright spots were apparent.  It does have a slightly more bluish tint compared to the Voyage.  Another display issue is the auto-backlight.  It tends to lag quite a bit more than the one on my voyage, and seems to overshoot as well (Shoots the brightness up several notches and then brings it down one).  Not a huge issue, but it is annoying when you change your position relative to the light source and the brightness changes multiple times. One other minor quibble is that the leather cover tends to slide around quite a bit, it's held on magnetically but there is nothing to keep it from creeping around a bit as you adjust your grip.  They should put molded corners on it or something to help stabilize it against the back of the Oasis.If however, this is your first Kindle, or if you are upgrading from an older model, this is a great pick, especially if you desire the waterproofing and bluetooth functions.  If you have a Voyage or one of the new Paperwhites, prepare to be disappointed with the screen.  The extra size just isn't worth the loss of clarity in my opinion.
Finally, a worthy upgrade to my Kindle Voyage. I purchased every iteration of the Kindle line except for the last version of the Oasis. In my opinion the price was too high and it removed some features that were on my Voyage, like the adaptive light sensors. In comes the all new Oasis to save the day and quench my thirst for a new Kindle!I do %95 of my reading in my house, the other %5 in my backyard in the summer. In my case bigger is always better as long as the weight remains minimal, so the extra 1" of screen space is always welcome. Having %30 more words on the screen also means less page presses which in turn enhances battery life.I had hundreds of books on my Voyage and never filled up the memory but the upgrade from 4GB to 8/32GB on the new Oasis is really important. Why? Because it FINALLY supports Audible audio books! They take up much more space than a standard mobi book and I plan on stuffing mine with audio books haha! I absolutely love that I can sync up a pair of Bluetooth headphones and have a random person read me a bedtime story! :DThe other awesome upgrade is that the Oasis is now waterproof! Well, water resistant. It can go 6 feet under fresh water for an hour. I don't plan on reading on the bottom of my pool but it's nice to know it can get submerged and still be good to go. I'm just glad that some rain or splashes of water wont ruin it.While I had no complaints with my Voyage concerning the speed of page turns, the Oasis is noticeably faster. I'm also really happy to have physical page turn buttons again! The Voyage page press worked well I just always missed having a real button.If I had to be nit picky I would've rather had the layout of the device like the Voyage where there were page turn buttons on each side of the screen. The way it is now it gives your hand more real estate to hold the device but if you want to switch hands you have the turn the screen upside down, which will then flip the text right side up automatically. Maybe I'll get used to it over time but right now I prefer the original layout. The only other negative is the offerings for covers are slim right now and both options have lots of complaints. The covers dont stant upright well and the fitting is off. I'm desperately awaiting some 3rd party options.Other than that I love the new Oasis! The price is right, it's feature packed, and offers a ton of new enhancements. Don't forget to turn your WiFi or 4G on as soon as you get your device and apply the OTA updates!Edit: After using my Kindle for awhile there are a few annoyances and things I'd like to see improved in the next version. Most importantly to me is that this Kindle seems to be designed for 1 handed reading. I only read in bed and I'm so used to holding my Kindle with both hands. Unfortunately one side of the Kindle is so thin that I find holding it awkward. There's really no place to put my thumb without it touching the screen and unintentionally turning the page.Battery life doesn't seem to be much better over my Voyage. In fact it seems to be worse even when I turn off Bluetooth and WiFi.Some things I'd love to see in the next version is the ability to display colors. This makes book covers, magazines, comics, etc. look so much better. Also, while I'm happy to have my physical buttons back I wish there was a way to reverse them. The next page button is located on top and is hard to reach the way I hold my Kindle. I'd also like to see the inclusion of a small mono speaker for Audible books instead of having to use Bluetooth headphones. And finally, I'd love to have a choice in screen size. Since I read at home bigger screens are always welcome, although I know some people prefer the smaller size to carry outside the home.My main disappointment is it just seems awkward to hold for the way I read in bed. For that reason alone I'm debating whether to just stick with my Voyage. The only thing keeping me from not wanting to return it is the larger screen size.
Long ago I decided not to buy another Kindle eReader until it could handle Audible books, as now I use Audible far more than either ebooks or paper books.  It has taken Amazon a remarkably long time to produce an Audible friendly eReader!  I find this surprising as Amazon owns Audible and actively promotes using the book with Audible without being able to provide an eReader to do it.  I have been forced to use my Kindle Fire, which is hard on the eyes for extended reading.  The new Oasis is ultralight and easy to hold.  It does not fatigue my hand as heavier ones do. However, it is so light and has such a smooth surface that it also slips out of my hand too easily!  I long for a silicone case to protect it but none currently exist for the Oasis.  I do not like the book style covers that fold over the top of the unit and that is currently all that is available.  The waterproof feature is attractive to me but hasn't been tested by me yet and I see that more as backup protection than something I would actively use.  I have mainly used my Oasis for Audible and my remaining comments mainly pertain to that device.  When I ordered the Oasis, I had not realized that you must have a Bluetooth headset or speaker to use it with Audible.  I only have large headsets and speakers that are Bluetooth equipped.  My need is to pop the Oasis in my purse when I am out and about and need to kill time.  That requires a small light headset, which I had to buy.  I am enjoying using the Oasis at home except for two things:  1.  There is no sleep switch provided for Audible listening, which makes it not useful for bedtime listening and I have to use my Fire instead; and,  2. While I do not mind the promotional "front page" of the Oasis, I find it highly irritating to have my searches and browsing through my library when looking for a book to read frequently interrupted by book promotions, usually the same one repeatedly with no good way to make it go away permanently!  I hate that tactic!  To recap:  The all new Oasis is a good new device but very pricey for what you get!Pros:Light weight and easy to holdAudible capableWaterproof to be beach, boat or bath compatibleCons:ExpensivePoor selection of cases currently availableRequires Bluetooth headsets or speakersNo sleep switch for the Audible functionConstant and repetitive promotional interruptions when browsing my libraryIn short, I like my new Oasis but would probably not have bought it for the price I paid if aware of the drawbacks.  It need's a significant price reduction or improvement in features to be good value for the money!
EDIT, November 8th. I'm going back to the old Oasis. I just can't get past how uncomfortable this is to read, hold, and turn the pages on. It's way too heavy, slippery like an eel, unnecessarily sharp, and loud. I am a bit surprised Amazon let this one out of the design stage and I'm personally shocked I am actually giving up on this one. I'll give it to someone I know and stick with the comfortable and smooth Oasis. I changed back to my old one last night and it really made me extremely happy. This is a rare Amazon miss. This one missed badly.[Old Review Below]I've tried every Kindle since 2007 and usually when they upgrade, it's better across the board, culminating in the first Oasis, which was just amazing from top to bottom. But this version needs work.First things first, the screen is incredible, it's sharp and gorgeous and is much easier to read. It's also extremely fast, you turn the page and it's instantaneous. But I give this three stars for two functional reasons.One, the right edge of the Kindle is sharp. It's very sharp, which makes it uncomfortable to touch or hold. It is an edge that literally must be avoided at all costs. It's a huge design flaw and I'm shocked they issued a Kindle with a non rounded edge on the right side, the side you hold.Two, the page turn buttons are useless if you read in bed next to someone. There is an audible click everytime you turn the page. It's unavoidable (you can't even soft click it) and it's annoying for the reader and possibly torture to the person sitting next to you. Thankfully the screen touch page turn is fine, but I really do like using the buttons. This is a really unfortunate choice by Amazon.I'm still going to use this Kindle version ahead of the previous Oasis because the screen is just that good, but hopefully Amazon does something about the sharp edge and the loudness of the button. They are significant issues.
I bought the Voyage and 1st Oasis and returned each of them because the screen lighting was uneven and the Voyage was pink and blue. This 2nd generation of the Oasis has no such problems.I deducted one star because the blacks on the 2nd generation Oasis are not quite as dark as on the Paperwhite (at least my example from 2015). I would like to see the contrast ratio of the e-ink technology and Amazon's implementation of it improving steadily, but it isn't. This is a small difference in contrast, not a distraction in practice, and the other advantages of the 2nd generation Oasis largely compensate for it:1. The Oasis 2 is more readable at a larger range of viewing angles. I had to hold my Paperwhite at one optimal position to get the best readability, but this Oasis 2 has a wider range of angles that look good.2. Physical buttons are a significant improvement. It's far less distracting and much more comfortable than having to reach over to tap the screen for every page turn. I realize something similar was available on the Voyage, but real physical buttons are the only way to go.3. The ability to slightly bold the text is fantastic. It adds just enough readability that the slightly lower contrast is mainly mitigated.4. The screen size is fantastic. It's not jarringly bigger, but it's enough that I can nudge up the font size and not feel like I'm reading a newspaper headline.5. Very important: this Oasis 2 display has finer gradation of grey tones. Images look much richer and three dimensional. Even very small text in images is crisp and clear.6. The auto adjusting backlight works very well. (I know this was available in the Voyage and the first Oasis, so not a unique benefit).7. Operation is faster. Everything in the Oasis 2 feels quick and responsive, not just page turns.8. Even with screen refresh turned off, there aren't any ghost images on the screen. With my Paperwhite I need to fully refresh the screen with each page turn to get a clear rendering, but the Oasis 2 seems not to need it.9. The on button at the top is much much better than the Paperwhite which puts it inconveniently at the bottom.10. It's lighter than the Paperwhite; feels better in the hand; and is reasonable waterproof.11. The screen is not blue! It looks much more like paper due to the slightly warmer (more natural) color of the LED lights. Excellent!If Amazon can improve the contrast ratio of the screen and keep the other benefits it would be a full 5 stars. I haven't yet had a chance to test the day to day battery life. If it needs to be charged more than twice a month, that would be another downside.
I traded my Voyage for the new Oasis. Used the new Oasis for a week or so, I have mixed feelings about it. The screen is wonderful, and evenly lit. The automatic nightlight feature still does not work, the same problem as on the Voyage.The new Oasis is not particularly comfortable to hold. I have noticed the sharp edges. For me, in order to hold the Kindle upright I need to extend my pinky ( either hand) to balance the weight and that bottom edge is sharp-ish.  Leaves an indentation in my skin. I ordered a vinyl skin from decal girl so I will see if that softens the edge... and if it helps the slippery problem. Yes, it IS slippery, I have had the thing flip out of my hand because its not " grippy" , so again, the vinyl skin may help.And yes, the turn page clicks are a little loud, but after I while when reading I dont really notice. But they sound " cheap"  and for an expensive device like this, I would expect a smoother, quieter click. I tried touching the screen but its not as easy for me to tap screen while holding with one hand.I like that it rotates quickly when changing hands.Upon reading this review it seems I do not like this Kindle. I do, but I don't love it. When the next version comes out I may be trading this one for that too. So, I will keep it for now as the screen is really great and fast. EDIT UPDATE 11.24.17 I downloaded an Audible book and am listening now on my bluetooth headphones and it is fantastic! Crystal clear. Another plus, I must say.
I love this reader.  It is the first one that, I find, one cannot find an undeniable flaw--as a reader.  For example, the first Oasis had a screen that was rather small (deniable flaw) and uneven lighting (undeniable flaw).  But Oasis 2 isn't a perfect reader and is worthless as a audiobook device in my opinion.Good:so fast:first device that has no apparent lag whatsoever that I've used...I've had most Kindles.wonderful solid feel:this is the first Kindle to feel like a high end device.lighting is much better:lighting is without flaw that I can detect.  adaptive now, more LEDs with nightlight feature as well.Bad:much heavier:can't integrate the battery, increase the screen size, waterproof and use aluminum and not gain weight.  but...it's heavier.useless as audiobook player:I paid to increase the memory with the intention of using this an as audiobook player.  But there is no reason for anyone to use it as such.  One cannot follow text with audio, audiobook sending can only be initiated from the device (can't send from audible site), does not organize collection of audiobooks and ebooks well and absolutely most importantly--will only load on the LOWEST quality.  Forget it...what true audiobook-file would go for that?  Maybe and hopefully there will be an update to fix this but until/unless this happens...it is what it is.
I absolutely love this reader. However, the battery life is so bad that I am going to need to carry a charger with me everywhere. This thing only lasts about twice as long as my iPad Air running the kindle app. I am considering returning this device and getting a reader with better battery life.Also, for a $350 purchase price Amazon did not even include a charger, just the cable.  No charger, no cover, horrible battery life..... I just dont feel that this device is worth anywhere close to the price I paid.
Compared to the 300ppi Paperwhite, 12 LEDs vs. 4 makes a BIG difference (to me) in the uniformity of the screen. I don't automatically see LEDs along the screen border and the screen seems more uniform. There are also some additional font options that don't seem to be on the Paperwhite (even though it's updated). The screen size makes a difference. It's not "huge" but definitely bigger and for me it's the right size. Some people say it's slippery to hold. I put a Popsocket on the back (on the thicker side) which makes it easy to hold (I use one on my phone too). Some people talked about quality issues. Mine seems to work perfectly. Some have mentioned poor battery life. I haven't noticed that with mine. I've had this for about 3 weeks and read about 30-45 minutes a day. That said, I turn off both WiFi and Bluetooth, so that may be why. I discovered I have to manually turn off bluetooth, even in "airplane mode." Overall, I am very happy with this, and I'm glad Amazon let me buy it over several payments (seems less "painful" to spend $250 on a reader :-).
I've had Amazon Kindles for years and years. I still have my old Kindle Touch 3G. In fact, I actually bought the last generation Oasis just about a year and half ago, and it was a fine fine product. It was a pleasure to hold and small enough to bring everywhere. Initially I wasn't going to move to the Oasis 2017 / 2nd Gen but just couldn't resist the bigger screen and waterproofing, plus I could trade-in my old Oasis for some discount off as well. I've no regrets upgrading from the 6 inch to the 7 inch Oasis.Performance: Fantastic, it is clearly faster than my previous gen Oasis. EVERYTHING runs quicker: the Kindle store, opening books, turning pages, highlighting pages, etc. It even flips pages quicker too. It certainly feels like an upgrade performance-wise. I absolutely love the automatic backlight adjustment which dynamically changes brightness depending on my environment.Size: The extra screen size made a big difference to my reading. I read more on a page and therefore turn less pages. It makes reading even more pleasurable than the already amazing Oasis Gen 1. There is a caveat though: The larger size meant I can't easily put it in my larger pockets, so I have to carry it, plus it definitely feels a little heavier with the cover.Cases / Covers: It's a pity Amazon made a mistake with their original cover design for this. That said, that left the door open for excellent 3rd party covers like theFintie Origami Case for Kindle Oasis (9th Gen, 2017 Release ONLY) - Slim Fit Stand Cover Support [Hands Free] Reading with Auto Wake / Sleep for Amazon All-New 7" Kindle Oasis, Denim Charcoaland theMoKo Case for All-New Kindle Oasis (9th Generation, 2017 Release) - Premium Ultra Lightweight Shell Cover with Auto Wake / Sleep for Amazon Kindle Oasis E-reader Case, Vintage Style, both of which I bought. It's important to note that the Fintie makes the Oasis quite a bit heavier as the case is weightier, however, I bought this so that I can free-stand my Oasis when required. The Moko feels a lot lighter but it's not origami, so I bought it more for "on the go / in-my-hand" reading, and frankly it's the best looking design cover for an e-book I've seen.Battery Life: Ok, I admit I was terribly worried about the battery life seeing many reviewers complaining about the battery life. In reality, I don't exactly read 8 hours a day, so for what I read (usually up to an hour a day), the battery lasts fine by me even if it only lasted a week or two. The good thing is it doesn't take that long to fully charge the Oasis and it can be charged on any standard micro USB cable / charger so it's not a major concern. Because you no longer require the cover for the "other" battery like the previous Oasis, you can walk around with just the bare-naked kindle and it feels really good (see next section).Look and Feel: It actually feels best in the hand without any covers because it's light and big enough to hold in 1 hand. Because of the larger size, it feels a little more like you're holding a book, and it feels good in my hands. I'm a big fan of the very original Oasis "one-sided bump" design as it feels so natural in the hands. And I simply swap hands if I'm tired and the screen automatically flips over for non-interrupted reading.Waterproofing: I haven't tried dunking it in water yet, but to be honest, I've no reason to do so... yet!Yes, granted, the price of the Oasis is high - but then again, isn't the iPhone X priced highly (overpriced, I might add)? The Oasis was made to be a premium product and indeed, it is a premium product. If you read lots and buy lots of books from Amazon, then this is a no-brainer of a purchase. The waterproofing simply means that you now can REALLY bring your Kindle everywhere and the Oasis finally means something. Highly recommended.
I struggled with the decision about buying a new Kindle, my old one is fine.  This is my 7th Kindle and this is by far the best.  I hadn't realized how much I missed the page turn button (which returns on this model).  It is sooo much better than tapping the screen to turn the page (which often turns two pages or has to be hit multiple times to flip the page on older versions)---the real buttons on this Kindle are great---just enough "click" to confirm you're turning the page.  I've not noticed that the screen is any better as far as quality, but, the additional size is very nice.  I would not have thought an extra inch would be a big deal, but, it really does make a difference.  I actually like the "bulge" at the back, makes it easier and more comfortable to hold (but I do use a case with mine).  I also like the new feature where you can turn the page dark with light letters---seems to cause less eye strain when reading in a dark bedroom.  On the next version, I guess my only slight quibble seems to be the resolution of the screen---on certain fonts the letters are not perfectly smooth, which seems odd after all these generations of Kindles that they've not resolved.  The buttons and the extra size make this worth the purchase, I find myself reading more.
So far I've really been enjoying the Oasis... what I am NOT enjoying is the poor battery life!  If you want any time of longevity, you MUST use 'airplane' mode to turn off Wifi.  Last night I went to bed and it had 50% life, today I started reading and within an hour gave me the 'low battery' message... I then noticed that Airplane mode was Off and Wifi was On.  We are in no way getting the battery life that Amazon claims we should be getting, but, it lasts much longer than my iPad Pro and charges faster too, so there is that.I ended up ordering a cover, without the cover it is slippery and COLD... and winter time in the Midwest right now, being -20 outside it's no fun to hold a cold piece of metal too.  I went with the Indigo MoKo case and it works perfectly; at first it felt uncomfortable, but after I started reading I didn't notice it at all.
I have used a Kindle Touch and a first generation Kindle Paperwhite, as well as the Kindle app on a Fire HD8. I know the Fire is not an e-reader, but rather a tablet. I started reading on the Fire out of a need for a larger screen. I am delighted that Amazon finally broke the 6 inch Kindle screen barrier with the 2017 Oasis. I did a side by side comparison of my Paperwhite with the new Oasis and the Oasis was a far superior reading experience.  The Oasis that I received functioned very well through reading, buying and downloading books, using Wi-Fi, using the Bluetooth feature, and navigating and adjusting the settings.The problem was that the screen had defective lighting. It did not matter what the light setting was at, the side of the screen with the page press buttons was bright across the first 25% of the screen, with the screen growing darker and shadowed across the rest of the screen. It was the same lighting problem no matter the orientation of the Kindle or what page was being viewed. This is a complaint that many reviewers have had. This made me not like the device, giving it two stars for this review and I returned it for a refund.I have read other reviewers mention that Amazon was replacing their defective new Oasis with refurbished used devices, so I opted for a return and refund rather that a replacement. Of interesting note as I started the online process of the return I was presented with three choices after describing a defective product: talk to an expert, replacement and refund. Under replacement it states, Well ship you a replacement of the item you ordered. If a new defective Kindle Oasis is being sent back to Amazon, per their own statement they should be replacing it with a new device not a refurbished one.My plan is to monitor the upcoming new Oasis reviews to see how the customer satisfaction is. If I feel  that the quality of Oasis is improving as defects get addressed then I will reorder the device.
There's much to like about the new Kindle Oasis. I love the adjustable and better screen lighting. It's lightweight and easier to hold (if you want to!). Display is clear and easy to read. Text sizes/fonts - great! So, why one star?Two words. Battery Life.I have had owned a Kindle since they came out. One of my favorite things about the Kindles I've owned (3 prior to the Oasis. Original Kindle and two Paperwhites) has been that I only needed to charge them once every 4-6 weeks. I haven't been able to go 7 days before I need to charge the Oasis. I'm charging it today (Wednesday) and I just charged it four days ago. I only read an hour or less per day. This is far less than I am have ever done with any other Kindle.I haven't been able to find any help on this, but, I think that the buyers should beware!
This is my 4th Kindle and definitely is the best one. My previous one was the Voyage. Even without the Finte Slim Case I bought for it, I don't see the problems others have mentioned. The edges aren't sharp, the back isn't slippery, etc. The page-turning options are wonderful. And, after two books, I've only advanced a page accidentally twice. The supposed battery life problem is irrelevant although, if Amazon is making false claims, they should correct them. I always plug the Kindle in when I'm finished reading for the day. Why wouldn't you do that?The big thing here is the screen size and the improved readability of the text. Much appreciated.
I have used or owned kindle ereaders since their inception and this new oasis is by far the best.With the new updated software enabling test size and contrast along with the  extra  light and  inch of screen size ,the new kindle is a splendid reading experience.To those who say it is slippery in the hand due to the aluminum backing, I say  it needs a cover or better yet  a Popsocket placed on the back to fit your grip when reading.The one star reduction on this review is regarding battery life.The charge does not last more than a day or so if you read for hours at a sitting and unless mine is defective.. maybe slightly less.It does however charge full in about 30 minutes.To some this might be unacceptable.My Kindle voyage by comparison lasts a week without a charge(though it does not charge as fast this reader when depleted)..To me however the screen is clear ,well lighted and a pleasure to read on and well worth the cost.(And its waterproof and audible friendly with blutooth earplugs,not included)
I'm been getting a little concerned after reading some of the reviews, and thinking I may have made a mistake sending in my Voyage for the upgrade discount. But my new Oasis arrived and I love it. There are lots of reviews already, so I'll just address some of the negatives mentioned in existing reviews that concerned me. My screen is very evenly lit. The text is as clear and crisp as it was on my Voyage. The sound my page press buttons make was not noticeable until I actively listened for it (and even then only the back made a sound, the forward was silent). The background page color is a little softer, but not as dark as I feared after seeing some comments. I felt it was comfortable to hold and did not feel slippery. (Will use a case anyway) The forward page press button is perfectly placed for my hand, the backward one takes a slight adjustment. I did not have the first Oasis (the only one I think I skipped) but the screen size is nice compared to my Paperwhite and Voyage, but I don't feel it's a dramatic difference. I still have and use a DX and it's still tiny compared to that (I would love to see a reissue of the DX with an upgraded and lit display.) Haven't tried the Audible feature yet. Probably won't. I listen on my phone and no desire to listen while reading. Mine arrived with the battery around 75%. I'll charge it and update the review if I experience the short battery life that several other reviewers have encountered.
Bought my Oasis from a big box retailer due to accumulated coupons. I am coming from years of reading on the Kindle app on iPad, iPhone, and before that, Fire. However before Fire, I had a Barnes & Noble Nook - I loved that thing. Too bad they didn't allow Kindle books on it - e Ink is far superior to just reading on a tablet.Fast forward to this Oasis 2nd gen, 2017 model. I wanted a dedicated reader, something that my kids wouldn't hijack to play other apps; something for me to read my books on, only, with no other distractions. I wanted the "old" e Ink that looks so sharp, so book-like. I also wanted the ability to invert text for bed reading, so as not to disturb my wife so much with the light, as with my iPad reading (even with the text inverted it is bright.) I wanted the anti-glare screen I remembered from my old Nook, and from my wife's standard Kindle.I read probably a hundred reviews, both professional and non-. Watched dozens of videos. I saw how many complained of sharp edges and uneven lighting and non-level screens... to say nothing of complaints of the minimum $250 cost vs the cost of the Paperwhite. After receiving my 8GB WiFi Oasis, I say go for it.This thing is everything I hoped it would be, given that my last dedicated e reader was an early Nook. The construction is top notch. The edges are not rubbery but they are certainly not sharp nor uncomfortable (granted I am an electrical maintenance guy, but I am also a classically trained pianist, and I can tell you that if you can't comfortably hold this thing due to "sharp edges" that you have quite fragile hands indeed.) The "page" surface in white mode is truly beautiful, as is the text. The lighting is really the killer thing about this unit though. Very adjustable, in both automatic and manual modes, but most importantly just so even, so well done that if you weren't looking for it you wouldn't think about it. Really impressive.Weight and balance are really superb. I was most concerned about this prior to getting it, but laying on my back in bed, it is so very light that even though one side is "weighted" with the battery etc. I can easily hold it with one or two hands, the two handed way being what I am used to from using a full size iPad, and the battery side is so light that it feels balanced. It is also easily held with either hand alone; reading and turning pages is pretty effortless between the perfect "buttons" or the touch of the screen to turn the page. You can also set the buttons to work either way (page up or down) and they automatically adjust when you switch hands (i.e. flip the unit.)The screen is no-glare, "textured glass." I can't feel any texture on it but it feels great, and as much as I want to buy a fancy case and screen protector, I know that they would ruin the lightness and perfect non-glare screen, defeating the purpose of owning this thing. I did order a super slim/light case just to offer it some protection from my marauding young children, however I am mainly just going to try and keep it out of their reach until they are a little older and more appreciative.As for the Audible stuff... I really don't use it, I tried Audible and while it was very well done, I found I just prefer to read and don't have enough driving time to make it worthwhile. I understand the Oasis handles it well, but sadly I can't offer any review of that function.If you think you want a top notch e reader for the non-glare, e Ink, non-tablet experience, this is the one to get if you don't mind the cost too much. It is definitely, as others have said, somewhat of an indulgence, but so is reading for pleasure, yes? I am more than happy with my Oasis and I think that if you are still reading this, you will be, too.
I've been through many iterations of Kindle and have been wanting a Kindle Oasis because it's supposed to be so much better than the other models. One of the problems I had with my old Kindle Voyage was that I had to charge the battery every day, so I was disappointed when I received the Oasis and have to charge the battery every day.I thought I had a defective unit and called support. The technician told me they did a remote check on my device, and it was working perfectly. So I have reconciled myself to having to put the device on the charger every night and sometimes more often. I didn't expect to be able to go six weeks without a charge as the ad claims because I read far more than a half hour daily (more like five or six hours) and have the light setting around 20 instead of 10. But even if my usage is a dozen times more than what the specs are based on, I shouldn't have to charge it more than a couple of times per week. And yes, I turn off wi-fi and go to airplane mode except when I'm downloading or moving books, and I still have to charge at least daily.The other annoyance is that I prefer my reading progress to show the reading time left in the book. However, it will randomly change from that (almost always when I change the orientation of the device and at other times I can't identify) to none or loc # or something else I don't want.However, while the two above items are disappointing and occasionally frustrating, I still love reading on the Oasis. My eyesight is very poor, but with a large font setting and bright light, I can read easily. I like being able to change the orientation of the device so the page turn buttons are where it's most comfortable, especially after I've been reading a while and want to change positions. I like all the other features that I've enjoyed in the various Kindles I've used through the years.I was an early adopter of ebooks, starting with the original Rocket eBook in 1999, the first electronic reading device, and going through a long line of devices before the Kindle was introduced. I've had most of the Kindles, and this is the best. I just wish it would hold a charge longer.
This is the best eReader that Amazon currently sells.That said, it's far from perfect.So let's talk about the good parts:1) The display is nice and large for my old eyes. My Paperwhite just doesn't display a lot of text when I make it big enough for me to read. The larger display on the new Oasis makes it possible for me to enlarge the text while still having nearly a full page of text on the screen.2) The Paperwhite's touch screen is very sluggish and its display is quite laggy. The Oasis is butter-smooth and quick.3) You're not going to fill up 8 gigs of memory with text eBooks. Don't bother getting the 32gb version unless you also intend to put a lot of Audible ebooks onto it.4) The backlighting is great. It's smooth and even across the screen.5) The page flip buttons are far more reliable when reading magazines than screen swipes are -- their magazine UI flips between stories sometimes when you're trying to screen swipe to the next page, having the buttons makes it much easier to read magazines.Now for the bad parts:1) Battery life SUCKS. Read one eBook, and half my battery is gone! My estimate is that this thing has roughly 1/4th the battery life of the Paperwhite.2) The general shape awkward. It isn't a rectangle (it's sort of stepped) so it doesn't lay flat on the table like the Paperwhite, and its width caused by that ridiculously enlarged bezel at one side makes it awkward to put into the pocket of a rain jacket. I would have preferred that they spread out the components behind the screen and had only a slightly enlarged bezel at the side for the page flip buttons, somewhat like the Voyager.In short, it's good, good enough for a four star rating -- but sorry, Amazon, you still didn't nail it. Give us more battery and a more regular shape, please?
The Kindle is convenient, but I am very disappointed in how often it needs charging, at least once a week, and I usually only read for about an hour a day.  That's FAR from the "months" you suggest in your ads. Still, it has prompted me to read authors I might never have tried and use our local library that I might have never visited.  In addition, as a older reader, I am now having difficulty reading, and the ability the Kindle gives me to increase the font size, increase the line spacing, and have a consistent light on the page makes reading both more comfortable and more pleasant than it has been for some time. Overall, I am pleased with my purchase.
My previous Kindle was a Paperwhite, so my brain can't help but compare the two.  My thoughts:POSITIVE:> still smaller than most tablets, (smaller than my iPad mini) and still fits in my purse> Paperwhite screen -- so indoor/outdoor use as expected -- has setting for automatically dimming the screen if reading in a dark room.> buttons to turn page -- this allows for one-handed reading -- definitely a plus> screen flips so you can have button side on left or right making it easy to switch hands> still has touch screen -- allows for font size changing by two-finger "shrink" and "expand" motions> touch-screen page changing and getting to menu/optionsNEGATIVE:> BATTERY LIFE -- have to charge 3xs as often as my Kindle Paperwhite -- this is annoying -- and no charger other than a USB cord -- I guess they assume everyone has the plug converter ... really?  at this price??  come on Amazon!> touch screen -- it may be how I hold it occasionally, but it changes pages automatically.  I will be reading and all of the sudden it will go backwards 2-3 pages, on its own.  If it has water droplets on the screen it happens more often -- VERY ANNOYING!  Trying to read and relax in the hot tub and constantly having to re-find my page.  (I know, it's tough juggling a reader and a margarita glass -- 1st world problems.)> Reading Progress constantly goes back to "none" -- I'm consistently having to go back into settings and set it to what I like, "location in book".  Just checked it and it had self-changed to "Time left in chapter" which I never use.  I don't know why this setting doesn't keep.> overall, I do not regret getting this reader -- my older Kindle Paperwhite was slowing dying and this replaced it perfectly -- however for the price, it should not have the negatives I listed above.  This blew my husband's budget for my Christmas present this year -- I'm not sure it was worth being my only gift under the tree.  Kinda disappointing in that respect.
My Oasis just arrived today, so I'll have to update this review as I put more hours on it, but it's impressive so far.Pros:* Larger screen (so nice when my eyes are tired)* Nice, crisp display* Plays Audible books with Bluetooth headphones / earbuds* Waterproof (although I don't plan on testing this)Cons:* I wish the back of the thick part of the Oasis (left exposed by the cover) had some "grip" to it, the aluminum is pretty slick.  Apparently I need to buyone of these* Amazon and Audible web sites don't seem to support audio books on the new Oasis yet -- at least, I can't load audio books to the device from either of them (yet).  So I could preload the Kindle with eBooks before it arrived, but have to "pull" my Audible books to it from the device itself (annoying).
Got this for Christmas yesterday and so far I am really pleased. I started with the original Kindle, moved on to the Paperwhite and my awesome wife decided it was time for an upgrade I guess.The screen is truly impressive and the quality feel is definitely there. It feels like an expensive device and the aluminum back is a nice touch.My biggest beef with the Paperwhite was the slowwww software and lack of physical buttons. I have read nearly 500 books on it and would never say it is not a great device at its price point. Still, it could get frustrating using the store or doing anything other than reading. The Oasis 2 solves both of those issues for me. The buttons are really helpful and responsive. The software is incredibly snappy and just what I was looking for.Do you need an Oasis 2? Meh, probably not as the cheaper Kindles are very, very good at what they do. But, if you feel like upgrading or just treating yourself to something a little more, I highly recommend this Oasis 2.
The Oasis 2 could easily pass for Apple's next gen iPad mini,its that well done.  It is heavier and slightly harder to hold, especially reading in bed compared to the first gen Oasis but much easier than the Voyage due to a larger edge/bezel making for easier grasping.  The addition of physical page turn buttons make it easily superior as a reading device to the Voyage which had only price,battery life and the auto brightness sensor to recommend it over the much lighter Oasis 1(O1).  The Oasis 2(O2) battery is much larger than O1's and gives me about four times the reading time under the same use compared to the O1 without the battery/cover connected,and just about the same battery life as the Voyage(V). That bigger battery weighs in making the O2 much heavier than the O1 and even slightly heavier than the V.  That said the larger gripping surface of the latest model gives the O2 less perception of that extra weight. I found the rounded curve of the holding side/battery hump and the other (kinda)sharp edges actually aided in gripping compared to what it would have been if the back was absolutely flat. Amazon is on to a good thing with the asymmetric offset giving maximum gripping surface in the most compact design possible and I expect it to be copied by competitors over time. I will admit that a rubberized back would make it less likely to slide off of one's lap if you use it that way otherwise I had few problems.  For me the extra battery life is nice but what swung the deal was the larger screen size.  Over the years of using older Kindles I got used to that small reading screen and the O2 woke me up to what a hinderance this was.  I would expect more screen size increases across all models.  More screen takes more battery which means better battery tech or higher weight which may slow adoption. I admit the negligible weight of the O1 made it impressively easy to use with a plus that it was so light that it did not gain enough inertia on my numerous drops to damage it.  The V and the O2 both have the back of the device wrapping around the front with a very slight rise above the screen, not much but in my way to many drops of the V(I drop 'em all frequently and have never broken a Kindle screen-ever) this seems to be all the protection the V needed.  The slight increase in weight of the O2 over the V should make little difference in its drop proofing. With the screen lights turned off the O2 screen falls between the V(grayest) and the O1 in whiteness of the screen.  In practice with the O2 at my normal light setting screen whiteness and text crispness was to my eyes equal to or preferable to the O1. After the screen size increase the long overdue switch to a faster processor pulled me in.  I spend a lot of time editing my various collections and moving books around which was usually painfully slow with all my previous Kindles.  This was much improved with the O2,but some of that probably has to do with improvement in the O2's wifi capability.  I have no details from Amazon about this but real world experience downloading about 350 books while setting up the O2 showed total times cut roughly in half and hassles with force quitting and restarting when the process froze cut the frustration factor almost to zilch. For big library Kindle owners or those who read several hours a day the O2 will shine, for others-the Paperwhite is said to be superb at its price point. Fit,finish and overall quality are the best of any of the eight Kindles I have owned to date. I read somewhere between 1000 and 1500 hours a year on whatever my current Kindle is and finally, except for weight and the slick back, the O2 meets all my hopes.  I may even skip an upgrade next year.
I received the first version of the Kindle Oasis last year for Christmas.  Due to the magnets not being great on the cases, I had 2 fall out of the case while I was walking on concrete and the fall busted the screen both times.  This time, when I took the case back to the store where my husband bought it (he purchased it at an electronics store rather than Amazon so that he could use our credit card there and earn points), they advised me that the version I had was no longer available and I would have to buy the new one.  I pretended it was an inconvenience, but of course I was excited to try the new version!I have had my new Oasis now for about 3 days.  Overall, I am impressed with the performance over the 1st generation for several reasons, but there are a couple of issues as well.1) This version seems to operate quicker.  I'm not sure if they changed the internal chip set, but plan to look into that and may update this review with what I find....but it definitely "freezes" less than my old one did.  Keep in mind that when I say it freezes, that is mainly only when I am downloading.  I have over 1,000 kindle eBooks, so I basically am just downloading a group each day and using the download capability seems to use up a lot of the system memory used for operating the device.  Again, though, even this particular scenario still is a vast improvement over the prior version.2)  Everyone is mentioning how using the Audible feature runs down the battery.  This is true.  One other thing that runs the battery down quickly is downloading.  While this is to be expected, the lack of a battery case with the new version combined with these two battery draining issues made my kindle that was almost completely charged run down in a couple of days.3)  I certainly agree with other reviewers regarding the lack of the ability to listen to and read along with a book when you have the Audible and Kindle versions.  I love this feature on my phone app, and am hoping it will be migrated to the new Oasis with a system update in the near future.4)  I love that this is waterproof!  I set it next to the sink while doing dishes last night as I listened to an eBook with my Bluetooth headphones.  It wound up with some water on it, but I didn't have to worry about it.  It will be nice to be able to ready in a warm bath as well....plus I don't have to worry about my 7 year old daughter spilling something on it.5) I do not like that the new version of the Oasis does not come with a cover as the prior version did, and especially do not like the lack of an available battery case. Of course, with the lack of contacts for a battery case and the fact that wireless charging is not mentioned as a feature, I'm guessing this is not something that will be forthcoming.6)  The availability to read in any light is still one of the best features...and now being able to invert black and white is wonderful for night time reading.7)  I do wish it was USB-C, as I have very few devices left using the mini-USB so not many charging cable, but this is definitely not a deal breaker.8)  As someone who does not keep a lot of audio-books on a device at the same time, the 8 GB version is working out fine for me.  I had originally wanted the 32 GB but I tend to "clean out" the device now and then so removing the audio books when needed isn't a problem for me.  While a micro-SD slot might have been nice, I know that the more ports on a device, the harder it is to guarantee the waterproof feature.9)  I wish multiple books at a time could be selected for actions such as downloading or moving to a collection.10)  While I haven't tested it yet, I do like the idea of the new "Nightlight" feature, which claims to gradually dim the screen over time and your eyes adjust to the darkness.  I am assuming of course that this will only work when you have the auto brightness feature turned on.Overall, I am impressed with the new version of the Oasis.  While there are still a couple of updates that I believe could truly put this device over the top, I am certainly happy with my new Kindle.  Also, I will most likely update my rating to 5 stars if they update the audible/kindle read-along issue.
I'm enchanted with this Kindle. The screen is perfect for me. I didn't like the blindingly white screen on the Voyage. The softer cream tone much better easier on my eyes. The extra size of the screen is wonderful. The device is noticeably, impressively fast.I read with my Kindle in a case, but my case didnt come until I had this Oasis several days, It was comfortable to hold bare and didnt seem either too cold or too slippery.Cant hear the buttons, and I like them better than those on Oasis 2016 which always seemed too high.The auto light adjustment works, which it never did for me on the Voyage.The original partial charge already on the device when I got it did drain fast, but since then (after a restart and complete charge where it sat for a couple hours after 100% - recommended elsewhere), its doing fine compared to Voyage and Oasis 2016 with cover.Didnt buy Amazon cover because of reviews. Would like to find lighter 3d party cover than what Ive got.
I've never been too fan of e-books, always preferring the physical book. However, things do change and lately I've been increasingly buying e-books because of their instantaneous delivery. At first, when I had just a few of ebooks, I used the Mac Kindle app to read. However, as the number of e-books kept increasing, I started to ask myself if I should a Kindle instead.After some research and comparison between the different available models, I decided to buy the new Oasis mainly because of its increased memory size, its water proofing, smooth backlight and page keys.Since it's the first Kindle I've ever owned, I cannot compare to other models. However, I can tell that I'm more than happy with my purchase.Form factor: I'm not sure if I completely like the idea of the asymmetric form factor. I would probably have preferred a thicker device (i.e. about 5-7mm?) instead of a hump to one side. However this is just a personal preference and the form factor works ok for me as it is. I love having the page keys next to the screen. I use them all the time and I would really miss them if I didn't have them.Screen: the 7" display looks simply beautiful. It's very easy to read and has a very high contrast ratio even in direct sunlight. The very smooth backlight makes it ideal for reading with little to no external light. I've used the device at some caribbean beaches (very sunny!), at home and at an airplane (with cabin light off and no reading light) with no issues.Battery life: with the default configuration, battery life was surprisingly short: I went through a full charge in about 2 days without much reading. After I reduced the backlight (which was too bright by default anyway), things improved quite a bit and now I'm getting about 5-6 days with some serious reading time (2-3 hours daily). Keep in mind that this is with cellular connectivity enabled. I'm sure thing would improve further if I enable airplane mode. Guess I expected a bit more, but it's good enough for me.Cellular connectivity: I wanted specifically this version since I don't always have wifi available (for example, I cannot use it with the office's wifi). I'm happy to say that it lives up to the expectation.Misc: the build quality seems excellent. No signs of sharp edges, as reported by other reviews. The aluminum casing is not too cold for me, but I guess that in a colder weather it may get too cold. Anyway, I put a Moko case to it. I can't understand why they don't include an AC adaptor with this device. I mean, after paying about $350, I still have to shell a few bucks more for a charger?Overall: I highly recommend this reader. The reading experience is simply wonderful and simple.
This is a really nice Kindle. I like the feel and ease of it. Have had most of the kindle models since the first one came out and I think this is the best to date. It is lightweight, small and a joy to use. Soooo much lighter than holding my, up to now, primary reader the ipad mini 4. Also much less eye strain which is nice since I read hours at a time (seriously Amazon who reads for 30 minutes a day.....)  Reminds me of the very first kindle with the way it feels holding it. Like how the one edge is wider making it easy to hold and not worry about where your fingers are which was one thing I haven't been impressed with on other kindles.  I did put a lazy hand 4 finger grip on it which makes it even more ideal for holding more securely and is easier on my old finger joints.  Put it in the center behind the buttons so it works great regardless of which hand I hold it in.  The only major complaint I have is that my collections are not in order like they were on my ipad app. Not sure if that is kindle hiccup or operator hiccup. Also it doesn't seem to allow you to work with your collections like you can on the ipad app. The other negatives are the case, it keeps falling off so I took it off  and it seems like the edges where the screen meets the metal casing feel rough rather than smooth. So I find this kindle to be worth it and yes I got the 32gb because I like having a lot books downloaded and glad they finally got beyond the 4/8gb stage.
Lets start with the good.  The asymmetric design is an excellent decision.  The center of gravity is in the palm, the page turn buttons are in comfortable reach.  This is the first kindle I hold and turn pages with one hand, and it feels good.  The bump in screen size is much appreciated.  And the device looks beautiful in the saddle brown cover.Now the big let down.  I have a 2014 Kindle Voyage and when I hold the new and the old side by side the Voyage is WITHOUT QUESTION the superior display.  On the Voyage the text is a deeper black, the contrast is strong, its beautiful.  On the new Oasis the image looks faded and washed out, the contrast is lousy.  Why?  This was the most expensive kindle yet and my old one beats it where it matters?  Its hard to believe.Then theres the manufacturing issues that go unresolved for years.  Ive returned kindles for dead pixels, dust trapped under the display, and uneven hue.  And even after exchanging them my Voyages background is pinkish at the top and bluish at the bottom.  My Oasis is yellowish on the left and bluish on the right.  Youre never going to get a perfect one.  Left to right unevenness is particularly distracting since you notice it every time your eyes move to the next line.  Also, looking at the edges of the Oasis the gap between the glass and bezel is not uniform through the corners.  Its a sloppiness that you dont see on other products.
1. Nice enhancements include:- Larger screen size is nice especially when reading reference material.- Double the number of LED lights over the Voyager gives nicer visual presentation.- Added memory expands number of books you can store. It is really needed with the new audible feature since audible books have larger file sizes.2. Some disappointments include:- Cant read ebook and listen to audible version at the same time.- No earphone jack. Only audio available is through bluetooth devices (ear phone or speaker).- Heavier than expected. Hard to hold upright in one hand for longer than a few minutes.- Slippery to touch; combined with the increased weight creates a minor issue.3. Some recommended improvements for next version:- Would like earphone jack or speakers and the ability to have Kindle read aloud with computer voice (as in much earlier Kindle versions).- Ability to display book and play audible soundtrack simultaneously.- Textured surface to improve grip and make ereader less slippery.Conclusion: This is a nice improvement over the Voyager, but the lack of an earphone jack and ability to read and listen to books simultaneously is a disappointment. It is too expensive considering the limited new feature set.
This review will be a little long...See, this is my forth Kindle e-reader I had a 2nd Generation, a Paperwhite, an Oasis 8th Gen and now the 9th Gen.So first thing first, it's worth to buy an Oasis?Well, I bought two, so pretty much answers that!If you read as much as I do (around 120 books year) mostly at night and in public transportation, than yes it's worth. It's great to hold (I have small hands), It's has an incredible battery, the back-light looks better on both oasis.Now if you read a lot out but no as much, don't have the money to expend and don't care about the weight, paperwhite is your kindle.About Oasis versus All-New OasisPros:The screen looks incredible on de the new oasis;The waterproof it's a good feature;The stand-up cover it's great;The audible sound it's good;The battery lengh is the same without an extra battery cover;Cons:It got bigger and heavier (not as much as the other kindles but not as light as oasis 8th gen)What could improve on kindle e-readers in general?1 - It's really necessary to sell a special offers version? Come on we are talking about a $250 product (at least) I bought the audible version with 32GB.2 - It's not possible to organize audible books on collections unless you have the kindle version too, if the audible book is on the cloud you have a option on settings to just see it when you select just audible titles but the downloaded ones stays on the home screen. (a simple software update would correct that)3 - When will we be able to choose a book cover or an art to represent our collections? (a simple software update would improve that)4 - The audible books aren't tag as finished. (a simple software update would correct that)5 - Would be really good to choose the kindle book that matches the audible one, see I have a Fangirl edition that kindle/audible doesn't connect as the same, I understand that they sell the ones that you can sync but the user could choose to group the editions and would know that they wouldn't sync as the one's sell it for that purpose.I have at least 40/50 books in that situation and it's not as I didn't bought the sync edition because I didn't wanted is just that it wasn't available at the time.
I love to read -- and I love my Oasis 2.I've also had a stroke, which left me able to use my non-dominant hand only.This Kindle is exactly what I needed, because I can use it comfortably with onehand (more so than a "real book"), and it has physical page-turn buttons so thetremor I have in that hand is not a problem (touch screen-only devices areannoying at best, and when combined with disappearing bezels become a majorfrustration, because there's no way to hold them without touching something).The light is even, non-tiring, and makes it possible to read at night. I wasreluctant to pick up my old Kindle for fear of breaking it or getting it wet inthe rain, neither of which is a worry with the new one.Usually, it's in the midsize holder of anAboveTEK Heavy DutyAluminum Gooseneck iPad Holder...that I have mounted on my wheelchair.The power button protrudes slightly -- enough to find it by touch -- at the top ofthe battery compartment (for right-hand use).  If the Kindle's been off a longtime (sorry, I don't know how long, but it must be several minutes) it takes abouta second to turn on and go back to where I was, in the middle of a book, say.If it's only been off a short time, turning it on is effectively instantaneous.  Thisimplies I can read a page, a few pages, or a few words easily, without needing toguess if the interruption will be long enough to make turning on the Kindleworthwhile.  This turns out to be an important part of making the device"disappear," so the experience is more like reading a physical book.A few points that didn't dampen my enthusism or lower my rating:1. I wish it were less expensive, so everyone could have one.2. I gave my old Kindle to a friend who's teaching himself Spanish.  Installing  the included Oxford Spanish-English dictionary so I could know that he  wouldn't have trouble with it, I managed to wedge my Oasis throughly.  I had  a live chat with Amazon's customer service about it, and their suggestion  was to force a reboot by holding down the power button "for up to 40  seconds."  It seemed much faster on my Oasis, and it worked!  My questions  are, why should anyone need to install an included dictionary, in a country  such as the US where Spanish is used much more often than French or German,  for which dictionaries are pre-installed?  And why should installing an  included bilingual dictionary in Kindle format require an undocumented  reboot?3. I asked if the NuPro screen protector were matte or glossy (and got no answer).  Since Amazon recommended them, I bought a pair.  They are glossy.  Yuck.4. The leather case is nice, but not water-resistant, and though it was part of the  'essentials' pack ... isn't (essential, that is).  Someone dropped the unprotected  Oasis from waist height face-down onto an asphalt road (don't try this at home).  Aside from a few tiny nicks in the aluminum bezel/back, there was no damage  at all (glass, buttons, and functions all unscathed).  Oops.5. Did I mention, I wish it were less expensive, so everyone could have one?  If you love reading and your budget allows it, please buy one and help me  convince Amazon they haven't made a huge mistake by selling these to muggles.
I've not had the battery issues that some here have had, probably because I haven't done anything with audio books and I let the auto brightness take over in otherwise dark environments (which means I don't use as much back lighting). In my experience, the battery has held up fine in comparison to the Oasis 1: I've had it for a week now and, reading a couple of hours each day, have not needed to charge it once.The bigger form factor comes with a tradeoff: the Oasis 2 is heavier and harder to wield than its predecessor. That said, however, it is not an uncomfortable experience, and I gladly sacrifice a minimal amount of comfort for a larger screen. The battery bump is easy to hold on to and doesn't present any obstacles to my reading experience.If I could change one thing about this model, I would place the power button middle-side of the device. The reason for this is that i read left-handed, and while the design does a good job of accommodating for use in both hands, the power button presents a clear obstacle.Overall, was it worth it for me to upgrade from the previous generation Oasis? Absolutely, if for no other reason than that I find the faster processor and larger form factor to be significant advantages.
I had the 3rd generation Kindle (the Kindle keyboard) since 2010 and used it till it DIED in my hands just recently. It was a great model and if it had the lighting that newer generation models have it would have been perfect. But 7 years of ware and tare have taken it's toll and so here I am with the newest and most advanced member of the Kindle family.The newest Gen 9 (2017) Kindle Oasis that my husband bought for me as an early Christmas gift /replacement is the first one since my Gen 3 to be able to play Audible audiobooks. Here the Oasis shines as it has far better memory to handle the size of multiple audio books at a whopping 32gb of storage. However, you do require bluetooth to be able to enjoy them as there is no headphone jack to connect any other type of head phone, something that was on the Gen 3. But that seems to the trend in electronics now and Amazon has jumped on the band wagon and decided to keep with the bloothooth only fad.The weird black bar that is asymmetrically placed on the side I thought would bug me but it doesn't and is a non issue. The screen and resolution are the same flawless eink that has always come with the Kindle brand and I very much enjoy the 7 inches more than I thought I would as it feels more natural to read.While some have complained about the lighting being uneven or to bright it is not something I have noticed with mine. In fact the auto lighting adjustment is one of my favorite items on this. (No longer am I a slave to tiny annoying book lights nor do my husband and I have to argue over lights out or on. Haha!)A small down side for me is the shape. The shape of the new Oasis is a bit of a puzzling question as it is designed to be ergonomically comfortable but the uneven weight distribution ends up feeling odd after a while of holding it one handed. Also it should be noted once in a case the comfort grip is completely useless as most of the cases currently out for this model do not bend around this feature when open. (Perhaps something that will be taken in consideration in the near future).Something new to the Kindel that has not been in pervious generations is that the Oasis is water resistant. I have yet to test out the water resistance of my Kindle and am willing to put that off till accident or fate deem it necessary to so but knowing it is there is a comfort as we do many summer trips to the beaches by us.While I think Amazon has a few design flaws to work out with the shape (maybe add page turn buttons to BOTH sides) overall they are in the right direction with the future of the Kindle. Hopefully it will be another 7 years before I need to compare and review another.
I love this new Kindle Oasis. It's a bit heavier than the previous version of Kindle Oasis, but not by much. The aluminum could feel cold, but I got decals from Skinomi so it helps get rid of the coldness and protect the back of Oasis from getting scratched. The Audiobook from Audible works great. I wish I could read and listen at the same time--like with the Kindle App for Android and iOS. Maybe Amazon could implement that with the next software update. It's only been a few days, and so far everything goes well. The bigger screen is sharp, and I like the auto-brightness feature. Overall, I think it's a great update for the Kindle Oasis line. Yay!
I like the larger size. I traded the first edition on this purchase. Battery life is very superior on the first gen oasis.I always had extra power. I have always recharged nightly. I read about 4 to 5 hours daily.New oasis is down to 39% most nights. I do not have a problem with that. I just expected more.With the exception of the larger size I would have stayed with my old oasis.I started with the first kindle and have updated each new edition. I kept my voyage model as a backup
Love:Love the Audible feature, the design, the screen flip and page turn buttons.Hate:The battery life sucks.  I'm a book blogger and I read often and long periods of time. I've had a paperwhite for years and can read for hours a day for several days straight and not have recharge once during that time.  I've actually have gone 10 days on a single full charge while reading 4-6 hrs a day. I never had to adjust settings or turn off wifi. I've only ever gotten a low battery warning a handful of time Not the case with the oasis, I'm lucky if I get a 4 hrs without having to charge.  I'm constant getting low battery warnings.  I also noticed that the battery drained while not in use after being fully charged the day before.  I tried troubleshooting and messed with settings and it still runs down fast. I never had to turn off wifi (airplane mode) with my paperwhite.  And now I'm having to put the oasis in airplane mode and turn off bluetooth to get through a few hours of reading. Oh and don't get me started on using bluetooth to listen to audible.  That drains the battery faster than anything.  I think I'll just stick to listening to audible via my phone.Overall: Not happy at all with the new Oasis.  I just don't think it's work the money for the few features it offers.  The battery life is just not that great. I mean, come on. The whole "A single charge lasts up to six weeks, based on a half hour of reading per day with wireless and Bluetooth off and the light setting at 10." is a crock.  If that was true, the battery would last longer than a few hours of reading in one day.  Nope not happy at all. I will be sending this back. So disappointed.
This device is... fine.  I accomplished the goal of a fine ebook reader and maintained the high quality output have come to expect of Kindles.  However, i returned is in favor of my older kindle oasis because of some key factors.  First, do not be fooled by the uniqueness Bluetooth compatibility, my older oasis now includes that with the new software update. Second, this one is substantially larger and heavier.  I would say the weight with a cover is easily double and the size in my hand also feels double (though i concede that technical specifications show it to be decidedly less so in both respects). Thus, what i loved about the original oasis, the fact that it could easily slide into a suit jacket pocket or briefcase side pocket without concern and that its weight was even lower than my phone are now both lacking.  Should you be older, like my father, and need larger font, this new kindle is just the trick for giving you more screen space for larger font.  That is the major difference that i can see as a positive.  The negatives are that the battery jump has turned from a small jump that actually lends itself to one handed reading to a large jump that does not, even in my hands which arent tiny.In finale, i have actually returned to my original oasis, enjoying the new Bluetooth feature but realizing i will likely still rely on my phone for audiobooks in my car.  This is a fine device but i will still prefer the powerful little original oasis for its form factor and weight.Disclaimer: i have had almost every version of the kindle since it debuted and love these devices.  The new oasis waterproof feature could easily top the scales for avid beach readers and i absolutely suggest you look for reviews that discuss those features most important to you.
As a DX user, needing a larger font, and a swift reader, I did not want a tiny Kindle. However, one thing that I would urge DX users to take into account is the increased clarity. (doubled for some time) The increased sharpness of the font, plus the lighting, allows me to use a smaller font than on the DX. This means more words per "tiny page".The battery does not last me more than three days at most before you will want to charge, but then using 30 min reading sessions as a measure is a joke to a bookworm. Easy to charge, and we are all used to bedding down our devices for the night, so I don't find the charging cycle a problem at all.I can't give it 5 stars, because when you read swiftly, it's still a pain to be press, press, pressing over your plate as you read. :/ Still would love a DX size screen so that I could immerse myself in the book more, and the device less.Excellent design choices for this 2nd iteration. Removed the awkward double charging cover, and returned the self standing cover to the Kindle line. If you enjoy reading I can recommend this Kindle. (cannot speak to others - I only have the DX to compare it to)
I have owned a kindle keyboard and first generation paperwhite. I loved my paperwhite except for the uneven lighting. But, I was thrilled to have the light so I lived with it. I received my oasis and couldn't be happier. I wasn't prepared to like it as much as I do. Some reviewers are saying screen isn't as white as the paperwhite. It isn't. But it's a good thing. I thought I wouldn't be happy with that, but turns out I love it. The lighting is excellent! The page turn buttons just simply put, work beautifully. I have read some reviews where they click and are to loud. They do click, but not distracting at all. I love how the lighting changes as there is a light sensor. It works great. The other thing I wasn't sure if I would like is the larger screen. It's as close to reading an actual book, and I love it. There are no sharp edges that some are complaining about. I bought the leather cover in merlot. Lots of complaints about it so I was worried. It makes the oasis look so classy. My magnets have held it on securely and the stand works the way it is supposed to.
The only reason this isn't a five-star item for me is the abysmal battery life. I have to recharge every day or two, which makes me very unhappy.I love the e-ink screen, but I really wanted this so I didn't have to worry about running out of battery while engaging in an intensive reading session - say, while on an international airplane journey, where you're trapped in planes and airports for many hours and may have no way to recharge your iPad (which is what I read Kindle books on before).Amazon claims "A single charge lasts up to six weeks, based on a half hour of reading per day with wireless and Bluetooth off and the light setting at 10". That works out to 21 hours of reading time on a charge. I don't know any serious readers who get by on half an hour a day; I often hit the nine hour mark, but that still ought to give me a few days at least!  I've got my light setting cranked down to 2, for crying out loud.Edited to add: I've achieved much better battery life by engaging Airplane Mode as one commenter suggested. It's a bit annoying to have to turn it on and off to update my ratings and download newly checked-out books; much more convenient to have the wi-fi on all the time, but it's absolutely worth the slight inconvenience.
The new Kindle Oasis is, quite simply, the best Kindle yet, making it the best, most reliable e-reader out on the market. The larger size, waterproof design and return of adaptive lighting are all winning points in my book. Even the price is reasonable at $279.99 for the 32GB, Wi-Fi-only model. The new Oasis runs faster than the previous models, too, with page-turning and word lookups prompting almost instantaneously and the lighting complements the crisp, clear 300ppi display, giving you even greater immersion and the impression that what you're holding in your hands might actually be a book instead of a machine.The only thing that irked me a little is the lack of a cover inclusion with the purchase. The three previous models all came with their own covers by default, allowing instant protection from dust and a seamless method of getting the device to either wake up or go to sleep. While the new Oasis is truly built tough a simple cover would offered some more peace of mind.That was the only con in my opinion. The new Kindle Oasis is an excellent addition to the Kindle family and a testament that the models keep getting better and better with each new iteration. I truly am in love.
Ive owned this for three minutes and its frozen twice. Also, for almost $300, it doesnt come with a power brick. I already know the process of restarting a device I have yet to use. Very frustrating at half the price.
The battery life is no better than that of my old Paperwhite. I was hoping for more. I feel mislead.
After 7 years, I finally upgraded my 2nd gen Kindle with the Oasis. I originally was able to get about 2 weeks of reading with wireless off on my old Kindle before needing to recharge. It got to the point where I was only getting a couple days out of a charge so it was time to upgrade.Compared to such an old Kindle, the Oasis is a huge leap forward in features, although it does come with a significant cost. I have, however, been pretty disappointed in battery life. I typically read a couple hours a day and have yet to get even two weeks out of a charge, even with wireless off and the back light completely turned off.
The Kindle Oasis is my third Kindle ereader, and sadly given its price point, its not the best. The device is simply too large and awkward to manage. Its tapered design allowed the engineers to put entire battery one side while making the remainder of the devise as slim as possible. The problem with this approach is that it makes the Kindle Oasis much wider than it needs to be and therefore unable to fit in a pocket which truely reduces the places I can take it. I would much rather they put the battery behind the devise (spread evenly) thereby making it slimmer.There are a few other engineering flaws: battery life is acceptable but not great, the light sensor is in a bad location (above the page turn button) which means you will likely inadvertently cover it at time causing the LEDs to be on more than they need to be (which likely further perpetuates the aforementioned battery issue). But overall it is a pleasure to use. I absolutely love reading on the Kindle Oasis and love the meany other features: waterproof, Bluetooth connectivity and screen. It is a good device and it is hard for me to not recommend for someone looking for a high quality ereader, but is it the BEST Kindle you can buy? No; that is likely the Paperwhite at this point.
I was so excited to get this Oasis because it's waterproof, and that is the only reason I give it one star. The whole experience of using it required a seizure warning. It was glitchy, staticky, fuzzy, rough transitioning. Every time you accidentally moved it to one size, it fuzzed out into x-ray and then back, if you are a fast reader and have to change the page often, god help you if you suffer from visual induced vertigo, or motion sickness. I used it once and then I sent it back immediately. I should not have to take Dramamine to use a very expensive e-reader. I'd rather lose a book to the almighty bathtub gods than deal with that mess again.
100% better than the first gen Oasis. This is the last e-reader you'll need for years.I only wish I could say the same thing for Amazon's latest covers for the 2017 Oasis.And that's a problem for the moment. The original Oasis had the battery case that was well made and latched on well to the Oasis.The latest version does not. Rather than spend the $50 for a new cover, I'd purchase a sleeve or some other way to protect your new Oasis.
Purchased a Kindle Voyager last year and have now given it to a family member and replaced it with a Kindle Oasis (32 GB model without the cell connection-WiFi only). I am happy with the Oasis; screen a bit larger than the Voyager though controls are about the same...no new learning curve. The "bump" for the battery makes a nice handle and permits me to hold the Kindle with one hand and turn the pages with my thumb. I can tether the Oasis to my Android phone and download a book, so do not miss the optional cell feature. I also paired the Oasis with a pair of Bluetooth speakers...very easy to set up. My only con is battery life. Does not seem to be much better than the Voyager. I do keep the brightness up higher than some might use, which I am sure drains the battery a bit faster. Lately I have taken to keeping the WiFi and Bluetooth off to help extend the battery...does seem to help a bit but having WiFi disabled impacts Word Wise for some of the more arcane words that are not included in a standard dictionary. All things considered, a worthwhile upgrade from my Voyager.
I have had problems to syncing the product to my Kindle account (it only downloaded part of the books I had in my library) and, more importantly, connecting with my Audible account. I've written to Amazon asking for help but only got a standard and not helpful response, which even said that the product will not support Audible content. This is weird as Amazon promotes the product saying specifically that "Now with Audible you have access to over 200,000 audio titles. Pair with Bluetooth to take the story with you anytime, anywhere."I complained again but have not heard back from them for about one week now.Otherwise, the product is good but it is not revolutionary.
It's a nice device, the larger screen is definitely an improvement over the Paperwhite. I like that it's light and has a dedicated grip area with buttons, that along with the auto-rotate makes it a brilliant reading device.However, I'm VERY disappointed with the battery life. This is my 3rd Kindle device, and the most expensive...with the worst battery life of the bunch. Perhaps this is the difference between wifi only and always on cloud sync, but I feel that explanation falls short. I was very surprised to have my new Oasis nearly dead on a 3 day road trip when I know my Paperwhite would have handled the entire trip, and a couple more, without issue.Plus, now the covers are essentially a non-starter. The fabric ones get crap reviews, and cost almost as much as my original Kindle. The leather ones are marked as unavailable (12/17/2017). Way to support your most expensive dedicated consumption device Amazon.
I so wanted to love this reader, and I gladly shelled out $279.00 for 32 gb machine.  A long-term kindle user (paperwhite and before!), I looked forward to more LEDS, more memory and page turning buttons.  Have to say that screen display is first rate!  Bright and crisp.  Fast page turning with no lag.  BUT...Not comfortable to hold.  Again, not comfortable to hold, with and without a case.  The Oasis felt awkward and unbalanced in my hand, as if I could lose it it at any moment.  My reader didn't have the sharp edge, some have complained about, but was pointy and uncomfortable pressing into my palm as I lay in bed holding it with one hand.  The awkward feel of it prevented me from honestly evaluating the usefulness of the page-turning buttons.  I sent it back and, to their credit, Amazon immediately refunded my money.  Hope next year, the paperwhite will come out with more LEDS, extended memory, and page turning buttons.  For now, back to the paperwhite.
I really like this product overall after road testing it for a month or so as a pure reader.  The key problem I have with this is bluetooth functionality.  I kept trying to connect my Bose QC30 and my Apple AirPods.  I now have found, after spending a few hours with Amazon customer support, that the documentation says the Oasis will not work with microphone enabled bluetooth headphones.  The sad thing is I had to find this out myself and tech support was not aware of this.  That would seem to rule out quite a few headphones, too.  I would like to hear from Amazon what do they plan to do about this as I don't have non microphone enabled bluetooth headphones.  For this price, I would at least expect it to connect to some of the most popular bluetooth headphones in the market.From the documentation:  Confirm that your Bluetooth accessory is compatible with your Kindle. Bluetooth microphones, microphone-enabled headsets, and low energy devices are not supported. To learn more, go to Supported Bluetooth Profiles.UPDATE:  I have been able to connect via Bluetooth to my Bose QC25 wired headphones for Apple using an MPOW Bluetooth Transmitter/Receiver I already had.  The bluetooth device can be set on receiver only mode and it shows up on the Kindle screen for pairing.  It also pairs with my Bose Revolve portable bluetooth speaker, too, so I do have some workarounds that are not what I had hoped but at least they work.
It took me about 5 minutes to unwrap this and settle in with it in order to set it up.  My old Oasis was going to my husband and I needed to set that up, too.  I absolutely love my new one...I love that it is so much bigger!  Other reviewers will tell you about the more tech things that have been added and changed and what they love about this latest Oasis.  I love that it doesnt have a charging cover..my new cover is awesome.  It operates just like my other Oasis so it was easy to get my books queued and I was ready to read!
Its okay and functional. Not impressed. Seems very overpriced for the value.Very very slow and unresponsive touch surface. Noticeable lag in response to touch based navigation or other features.And not at all intuitive.If you're getting a Kindle, I'd go for a lower priced model.
I almost want to give the new Kindle Oassis a 4.5 star, but more on that below.I am also going to assume that most people looking at this already have an e-reader, and already know why some of us prefer to read on these versus on a tablet or computer screen.  So from that point of view...The original Oasis got many things right, especially the addition of page turn buttons, and even that goofy charging case works well.  It works because it's natural to remove the original Oasis from the magnetic case, read with one hand, forget about the device because it's so light and easily gripped, and then when done reading, put the case back (which re-charges the Oasis for another few hours of reading!).  About the only thing I could gripe about is that the original Oasis felt kind of cheap, and the cover didn't always make an electrical connection.So is this new model an upgrade?In some ways yes.  The 7" screen provides for a subjectively different reading experience.  It also has the most even back-lighting of any Kindle I own.  Is 7" better though?  Sort of.  The 6" screen now feels cramped, but on the other hand, a 6" screen is about right to take in an entire page without head turning.  The 7" screen feels more immersive, but I hold it at a slightly greater distance, which means I'm inclined to bump the font size, so in the end it's kind of a wash.The new Oasis also feels like a premium quality device.  The glass screen, and aluminum back feel like quality materials versus plastic.  Nice, but also heavier, and it's slippery!  Like it could use a light coat of sticky rubber. That means it really cannot be held one handed like the original, but rather you have to rest an edge on something.  So it works fine if reading in bed, but feels clumsy to hold sitting up.And again, it's heavier, and adding a case increases the weight.  I picked up the MoKo case, and it fits very well, and retains the asymmetry, but while you can flip the top cover over, it gets in the way of holding the Oasis.  It fits so well that removing the Kindle feels like something is going to break, so I guess I'll go on the hunt for a magnetic case, easy on, easy off.The buttons on the new Oasis also feel slightly improved.  A bit softer, still nice tactile feel.  I did prefer the button spacing on the original Oasis though.The premium feel, 7" screen, essentially perfect lighting, and Oasis like features (i.e., the buttons and asymmetry) means this is a keeper for me, but... I'll be keeping and using my original Oasis too, depending on where I want to read.
PLEASE READ UPDATE AT THE ENDFinally, amazon made a kindle that is both waterproof and has a larger screen. I didnt really need a new kindle, as my Paperwhite still works just fine. However, the Oasis overcomes many of what I considered to be defects in the Paperwhite. I also own a Kobo Aura H2O, which has a 7 screen and is waterproof. My main frustration with the Kobo was that I had to side-load all of my ebooks. It was also slow to start up and load. Because of those defects, I usually ended up using my Paperwhite instead, but hated the smaller screen and the narrow frame, which made it hard to hold. I never liked the hassle of putting it in a zipper bag before using it around water. The Oasis is fast, and the side panel with buttons makes it effortless to hold. The buttons are intuitive and are so much more convenient than lifting a hand to turn a page. Flipping backwards through a book is easier too, with just a press of a button. And when I want to switch hands, the screen image responds instantly by flipping over. I love the Oasis, and my only suggestion for improvement would be to improve the grip, as the aluminum back and glass front make it hard to hang onto when your hands are even slightly damp. Last, Amazon needs a good case option for this device - right now cases are only available from third-party vendors, as apparently amazons case was a dud. Would love to see this gap filled. In the meantime, I plan to just use a skin.AFTER ONE MONTH:I still love my Oasis, but a couple of things about it have proven to be a disappointment.  As other reviewers have mentioned, the battery power on this device just doesn't last very long.  I find myself recharging it every week or more.  Granted, that was after 10-12 hours of reading, but it does burn through a charge much faster than my paperwhite did. I had to turn off both wifi and Bluetooth to make the charge last 10 hours.  With both of those on, the charge doesn't last long at all.  I don't use it for the audio, but I imagine that would make it run down even faster.  At this price point, and with the battery issues, I think amazon should have provided a charger with this device.
I really wanted the Oasis to be what I wanted.  I kept and used it longer than I should have in that hope.  Returning it today, just too much money to have to put up with it. .  Battery life only last a few hours not days or weeks.  Screen not white more off white.  I look forward to the next generation and may try it again.
I liked this product and wish I could give it a better review.  The size of the screen and the quality are great.  Easy to read, backlit, and size are all pluses.  Where it fails and fails miserably is battery life.  I had bought my wife the older Oasis when they came out and the battery life is great.  She can read for days without recharging.  With this new Oasis, I can get 5 to 6 hours before having to recharge.  I get a better battery life with the Kindle app on my iPhone 6.As much as I wish I could recommend this Oasis, I can't.  I can highly recommend the original Oasis.  Great screen, backlight, and excellent battery life.  If you want an Oasis, get the first model.
I wasnt interested in a Kindle, but my wife was tired of all of my thick hard covered books piling up, so she bought me the original Kindle  best gift ever. The Paperwhite with the self-illuminated screen was a no-brainer; I bought myself one within weeks of its release. I was still reading my Paperwhite every day and after seeing some of the less than positive reviews, I wasnt sure I wanted the Oasis, but my wife bought me one anyway. We were fine with paying a little extra to not have any annoying ads, regardless of whatever clever name Amazon uses as a disguise. We also skipped the cover a lot of reviewers didnt seem to like and just went with the screen protector.Ive been reading the Oasis for a few days now and I think its great. The Oasis (without the cover) is lighter than the Paperwhite and the clarity of the screen is amazing (and you really can read it in direct sunlight). I only give the Oasis 4 out of 5 stars because the claim that a single charge lasts weeks, not hours is total bull. My first full charge is down to about 20% after maybe 5 hours of reading over 3 days.
I am a latecomer to the e-reader game. Waiting for the Oasis made the wait worthwhile. Elegant construction, crisp display, long battery life. Lighweigh, water-resistant and intuitive interface.No-cost reading available via my county public library (in addition to titles that can be purchased --or are otherwise available-- from Amazon. Love the word selection and definition function and really love the passage selection option with direct delivery to social media (Twitter, in my case).If you've been waiting for your e-reader entry, this is the tool that can end your wait.Select with confidence.
It's pretty nice with the larger screen, but they advertise a 2 week battery life. I didn't realize they were assuming an average reading time of like 30 minutes or less per day with that. I'm getting the low battery warning every single day. I do read a lot, but that's still kinda terrible. I have a Nook that just lasts for weeks without charge at my usual reading levels.It also tries to adapt to your reading speed. What that means is that the buttons won't respond until you are in the hot spot of time that when they assume you will be ready to turn the page. I guess it saves on the battery, but the result is annoying. The first page of a chapter or any page that's shorter than normal... button doesn't respond until you press it several times.There's no button to bring up the main menu... to exit out of the book you are currently reading, for example. Instead, it happens when your finger touches outside the screen on the top, bottom, or left side. It's  very easy to accidentally do that when you don't want that menu to come up. So that's another frequent annoyance.
In general, I think this is an improvement of the Voyage I've used for several years.  The display is larger and it is a little lighter.  The ability to listen to books using a kindle is finally back (text to speech on the kindle keyboard was great!) but is now done via a bluetooth device, not built in speakers or sound jack.  It is supposed to be waterproof, which I hope to never test.  Having page turn on one side, while adding the ability of the device to rotate the screen, is a plus.  The one thing that could vastly improve the Oasis is to use the same page press sensors as the Voyage.  The buttons on the Oasis make noise when used, so someone nearby hears EVERY TIME you turn the page!  This is annoying when reading myself to sleep at night, to both me and my spouse.  It also makes the Oasis harder to clean, as "stuff" from your hands accumulate in the crevices around these raised, noisy, buttons.  Overall, it's and improvement over the Voyage, but having the Voyage sensors instead of the buttons would make it SO much better.
This is a wonderful e-reader and the size is perfect, easy to hold left or right hand and having the up/down buttons to turn the page is super.  The price may be too high for some people but if you are an avid reader, you will probably justify the cost.  A couple of months ago I purchased another costly e-reader from Kobo but I can see shadows casting where the bulbs are across the bottom and it's distracting.  While Kobo may try to compete with the Kindle, I can state with no doubt, they cannot.  This new Oasis is the leader for readers and no other comes close.  I know I made the right decision with this purchase and have the Lexus/Mercedes/Cadillac/Tesla of e-readers.
I have been a long time user of the 2nd generation kindle and love it but it was time to upgrade. For the most part it's okay, it at least has page turning buttons which is something I like but I ran into a little trouble with the battery life. It has run itself down twice within 12 hours rather than the weeks advertised. Charging on the computer takes over 5 hours and the plug-in adapter is not included with this. When I contacted customer support to find out if this was normal I was told that in order for the device to work as advertised it must be charged with the plug-in adapter, sold separately. They have comped me an adapter which I appreciate but I still have to wait 2 days and in the meantime my poor kindle is still tethered to the computer 5 hours later and counting. I was assured that in future offerings the adapter will be included with the product at no extra charge. I'm a little disappointed though that an item that costs more than $280, doesn't come with everything needed for optimal performance and it is not indicated anywhere that an adapter is required for this. A very disappointing experience all around.
Oasis2 is a solid hit!  The 7 inch screen is a keeper.  Best ever lighted screen on a keeper.  The dark screen with white letters helps early morning commuters traveling and reading in the dark.Suggestion: Do not wait for next model improvement.  Develop firmware to indicate battery discharge rate as done in Oasis1.  It is flawed to introduce this in Oasis1 and drop it for a useless, dated battery indicator that "indicates" nothing.
I actually like the size of the kindle as I get more reading real estate area.  It's clear, bright when you need and the page turning buttons are much better than the voyage.  What kills my praise this kindle is the terrible battery life.  I can easily read for six to eight hours, off and on during the weekend and the Oasis will not last that long.  I do not get where Amazon advertises that this will last for weeks, it's a lie.  It will last for weeks if you read an hour a day, but I read much more than an hour a day.Do not bother with the Kindle Amazon case for this, save your money.  It's very nice if don't mind the case easily falls off when you go to close the reader.  The magnets are terribly weak, otherwise it would be an excellent case.
Great features some flaws that are especially noticeable at this price point.Pros:Best screen to read a book anywhereLightweightPhysical buttons, and the ability to turn off the touchscreenWaterproof, and when combined with disabling the screen usable in a splashing environment without water drops turning the pageCould use improvement:Ergonomically flawed -The Oasis has a "sharp" metal edge where the metal back meets the screen.  The edge is just sharp enough that it can get uncomfortable to hold in the same position, especially with the corner in your palm.  You can shift the device around a bit and because it is go lightweight it isn't a deal killer, but this kind of edge has no place on a reading device, this was a design failure I wish Amazon has found before production.The Oasis also has a slick metal back.  The metal back gives the Oasis a high end look, at the unfortunate cost of usability.  It feels like it would be easy to drop, especially with wet fingers.  A gripper soft touch plastic/rubber back would have been more usable.Weaker than expected battery. Amazon advertises "weeks" of battery life.  But I seem to get a few days at best.  Granted I read more than 1/2 hour a day, but Amazons stated battery life estimates are flawed to the point of being misleading.  They say 6 wks at 1/2hr / day  (or roughly 21 hrs), and I doubt I get half that.Overall the kindle Oasis is a great reader, but has disappointing flaws, especially at this price point.
I waited a while to review so I could give a fair review. It's a nice size, screen is easy to read, it's comfortable to hold and downloads quickly. I had a paperwhite before this, which finally died just as this was released. My only criticism (and for me it's a big deal) is the fact that it only lasts a day or two before it has to be recharged. The advertising says it lasts "days, even weeks," which is simply not true. This was a major reason I bought it. Now I wish I had purchased another paper white. the battery lasted much longer and it was considerably cheaper. I tried calling customer support to address this issue, but couldn't get to anyone who spoke English well enough to help me. Her only suggestion was to wipe it out completely and start from a blank kindle again. I know enough to know,that this would do,nothing except wipe,out all the books I already have downloaded and would not do anything toward improving the battery issue. Guess I'll just have to live with it,  it I am very disappointed.
Not as advertised, it lasts about 3 hours. I sent it back and got a nice email explaining that they updated to the newest software. Great, cant see a difference. The problem is battery life. You cannot read for an afternoon without a recharge. The battery discharges in about 3 hours. A very expensive reader that wont come close to the stated performance. My HD 10 has a better battery! Buy a cheaper reader, save money, and get what you pay for.
Too many compromises made me revert to a Kindle Voyage. The new Oasis battery life is not adequate, the device doesn't feel good in the hand, and the add-on cover doesn't stay in place.I'm a fan of Kindles in general, having had every Kindle other than the first one. I read almost solely e-books, with over 1000 purchased from Amazon. A confirmed gadget hound as well, I order the new Kindles when they are first available and generally have enjoyed the on-going improvements. I fully expected to like the new Oasis, and hoped it would overcome the awkward dual battery charging design of the prior Oasis, which I traded-in as soon as the new one arrived.After a two week trial, I'm returning the new Oasis and ordering a Voyage to replace the one I had traded-in some time ago. Battery life seem to be the worst of any Kindle and while the larger screen is nice, the device isn't as hand and pocket friendly as the Voyage.Waterproofing and and the bigger screen could make the new Oasis the perfect Kindle for others. For me, I'll likely buy its replacement when it comes out.
I'm surprised at some of the poor reviews of this 2017 Oasis. I absolutely love mine and it's flawless. The screen is perfect, my hands are small but it still fits just right in my hand. I bought a stick-on finger strap <https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B01H8PM00W/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o03_s01?ie=UTF8&psc;=1> for the back that I really like. Mine has a matte decalgirl.com skin on it so I really don't notice the coldness or slipperyness that some complain of. The screen on mine is cream colored and perfectly even (or maybe my eyes are just bad and can't see splotchiness?)I've waited years for a waterproof Kindle & a 7" screen with physical buttons. I'm in Heaven. And the new update added the ability to disable the touchscreen! I'm thrilled about that, that was the one and only thing I'd have wanted added.I realize some are unhappy with it & I sympathize with them. At the same time I'm very thankful to the Amazon developers who came up with this new Oasis. Not a single complaint here!
I have owned every Kindle reader, since the Paperwhite. This is by far, the best one. The Kindle Oasis 2 doesnt need a cover with charger. It holds a great charge. It is bigger so that it feels like you are holding a book because there are more lines per page to read with the screen being larger. The buttons work great and quick to turn pages. This reader doesnt show the percentage of charge, like the Oasis 1, but you can still get an idea as to when you need to charge it. It does hold an even better charge than the Oasis 1. The buttons dont make a loud clicking sound. I can feel the button push because you do have to press on it, whereas the Voyage was very light to touch. I highly suggest you visit a store and try it out first. It is lightweight and compact. I love reading on it and knowing I wont be disturbed with social media notifications or text messages. The light can be set to adjust on its own. However- you can adjust the lighting at any time. The fonts are great and are adjusted using a scale, rather than number of font. Also- you can choose to make the print bold and determine the amount of bold you want. Overall, its an excellent product. I highly recommend purchasing the warranty and a screen protector at least. A case is optimal.
I am a Kindle addict and have had almost every one at one point. I was so excited when this one came out, waterproof plus the audio was a huge plus as I listen to tons of audibles. My thoughts:Pros: the size of the screen is nice its a little bigger, the page turn with the buttons also nice you can home it on one hand read and turn the pages, also you can flip it over and read right or left handed. I have yet to go to the pool or beach so....The negatives: the cover that is made for this falls off fairly easily. Its nothjng like my paperwhite or even my oasis cover. If it falls this cover is doing nothing to protect it - plus half the back side is open. The audio, I thought I would use this feature all the time, well try never I just go to the phone the Bluetooth hookup is a little strange.So for the money it would say stick with the paperwhite its a great deal. I think this one is pricy for what it is.
I got this primarily to allow me to read networking books that have several diagrams and tables that are to small on the Paperwhite.  So for that the larger size does work better. Some things I am disappointed with is the battery does not seem to last near as long as the Paperwhite, I'm always having to recharge this much more than the Paperwhite. Also, the weight seems uneven and only allows holding it on the one side. This is usually not a problem but its easy to accidentally move the page forward or backwards if you try to grab the other side. So really if the battery life was better, I would give this 5 stars. With a huge price premium, I expected better. For standard reading the Paperwhite is a much better value.
Short review:  This is the best Kindle reading experience I've had.  Yes, this is pricey, but if you're going to use it daily, it's so worth it!Long review:I have had all of the Kindle e-reader models except for the first one.  My husband bought me the K2 because he got tired of lugging an extra suitcase for books.  (How do I know what I want to read?  I need a selection!) So I've been in love with Kindles since 2009.  I have the 2016 Oasis (named Robinson) and it's beautiful and light.  It took me about 5 seconds to decide to buy the 2017 model, and it was delivered Halloween, as we were setting up decorations.I have had Sanctuary (my 2017 Kindle's name) for two days now, and I am IN LOVE!  The screen is absolutely BEAUTIFUL.  I thought the lighting was even on the 2016 Oasis, but it's even more clear and bright on the 2017 model.  I didn't like the auto-light thing on the 2016 Oasis, but because there are more lights around Sanctuary's edges, it seems to work better.As always, when you first set up an e-reader and load it with books, it slows down as the processor is busy indexing.  It also burns through the battery pretty quickly.  But after that, it settles down.  I think the processor is actually a little quicker than my older one.While this is extremely light compared to the older models, it is a smidge heavier than the 2016 model without the cover.  If you include the 2016 battery cover, the 2017 model is lighter.The larger screen is wonderful.  My eyes are getting a little old, and with the larger size and clearer screen, the reading experience is even better than the older Oasis.  Yes, I know you can enlarge the font, and I do, but the words just look better when they're in the proper proportion on the page.  The only thing that I don't absolutely love about my new toy is that it's too big for me to comfortably pick it up by the sides one handed.  The screen is perfect, and the real page turning buttons make me happy, so I can't figure out how to make it fit my hand without making it smaller.I was used to the odd shape in back (super thin on one side, a little thicker on the button side) and it works even better here since this is a little heavier.  You hold it by the thick end so the weight rests on your palm, even though you're holding it mostly upright.  The page flips over when you change hands.  I prefer holding my books with my left hand.  You can switch the page forward/back buttons.  I prefer the lower one to page forward, but the default is the other way.I bought the 32gb version because I listen to audiobooks a lot, but I actually haven't set that up yet.  When you first turn the Oasis on, it will walk you through setting up your wifi and bluetooth.  You can skip anything you want and then go into settings later to update whatever you want.I don't have a cover yet.  I think I'll need one because it drives me nuts to pick this up and touch the screen while I'm taking it around the house.  Fingerprints aren't a problem - I never notice them while I'm reading, but it's just weird.The operating system upgrade where you can change the boldness of the font is great - it makes reading a lot easier for me.  I think this upgrade is coming to the other models too.I am so not intentionally submerging this in water to see how waterproof it is.  Other online reviewers tried it with no ill effects, but I'm not going to chance it.  If I accidentally dump this in the pool or bathtub, I'll edit this review with the results.I will update this review once I play with the audio.  I love that idea.  I've got bluetooth noise cancelling headphones coming.  (Can you use bluetooth on a plane?)
I have had most of the Kindles, starting with the second generation Kindle keyboard up to last year's Oasis. The best of these is the Voyage; last year's Oasis was a disappointment. This year's Oasis, however, is really great. Its best feature is the larger screen size. An increase in diagonal measurement of one inch seems small, but it yields a screen area 40% larger than the Voyage's. The reading experience is much faster and easier than with the Voyage. I put the page in landscape mode, with the page buttons on the bottom. It works equally well with either one hand or two.The battery doesn't seem to last as long as Amazon says. I doubt you would get more than 8 hours of reading time with the wi-fi off. I don't use the Audible versions of books, so can't comment on how this affects battery life.But for just plain reading of text, this is the best yet.
The Oasis is really a good reader.  It could be a great reader if one major problem could be solved.  The narrow edge on the left and the flat screen/edge surface makes the Oasis prone to very annoying, accidental page turns.  My voyage reader that I love has the same problem.  However, I solved the voyage accidental turn problem by taking a paperwhite cover with raised edges and placing my voyage in that cover.  I had to cut a hole in the cover where the power switch is located, but now my voyage is five star.  Amazon needs to develop an Oasis cover with raised edges to solve the accidental page turn problem.  By adjusting the way I hold the Oasis, I have reduced my inadvertent page turns, but it is an annoying process.  It is a shame that such a great e-reader has this glitch.
So close, but ultimately this is a story of missed opportunities... If Text to Speech is important to you - the ability for the device to read the book to you even if it is not an Audible Book - this is not the Kindle for you. You can do a de facto TTS by turning on Visual Voice, and it will indeed read the text of the book to you, including turning the pages and continuing. And there is a swipe gesture you can use to restart it reading from where you want. But Visual Voice makes everything you do be a double click, and that only after it's read whatever it needs to read to you. And it is virtually impossible to highlight text, etc.In a similar vein, if you like Audible Books, but like read along with it, i.e. have the book scrolling so that you can follow along with what's being read, again, you are SOL. Very easy to switch back and forth between reading and Audible, but comprehension drops when you can't also follow along with the text when you want.Had serious high hopes of being able to replace my Kindle Fire with the Oasis 2, but these two things, which would seem to be very, very easy to have in the Oasis 2, are inexplicably missing. And given that a quick Google search reveals there are many others who want TTS and Audible with follow along text, you would have thought... But alas...If anyone from Amazon could weigh in and assure me that TTS was soon to be added by a software update, then I would probably not send it bac.
I tried and returned (twice) the original Kindle Oasis.  My biggest issue with the original Oasis was splotchy and uneven lighting.  The lighting on my new Kindle Oasis 2 model is virtually perfect.  It is nice having the larger screen on the Oasis 2, but it does come at the price of a larger device which doesnt fit as easily into my pocket and is noticeably heavier.  Trade offs like these are unavoidable, but with the Oasis 2 I do think Amazon has finally hit the e-reader sweet spot.  So five stars from me.
Good product (perhaps the best in class). I gave it 4 stars as I find it a little too expensive for what it offers. The aluminum build makes it a little slippery to use while on bed. This is the biggest kindle, but 7 is a little too small for my reading comfort. The screen lighting is much better than previous generations and the audible support is a handy feature.
Is there a place to go to follow development on the OS for this reader?  Particularly where I can go to see what new features are being planned?Guys... for being the premier, most expensive reader on the market, I think you missed  a few marks..1. Have QA guys read on the thing for a week and you won't miss everything I'm about to post.2. "months" of battery life may be true, but that's probably with zero backlighting.  Not the end of the world.  Lighting is not cheap in terms of battery usage.  With mine at abouy 1/2 brightness the battery lasts ~8 hours (of use).3. The DPI and lighting on this thing make it an absolute gem for reading.  Very nice.4. No headphone jack.  This seems to be the norm now a days. It's a 1st World problem.5.  This is the one that your QA guys should have caught.  When resting in the hand, the proper placement of the page navigation buttons is NOT in the middle of the side of the device. That's where my thumb's knuckle rests.  You get an F in button placement, and your QA dept gets an F for not using the devices on their own, really reading a book with it, not messing with it for 5 minutes in a lab. Seriously - move the buttons away from each other by about another 3/4 of an inch and you have a great placement.6. No immersion reading??? Seriously, guys.  I program.  It's not that hard to set it up to do immersion reading.  Or at least set it up so that it plays the audio book and lets you listen while you flip over to read the book at the same time.  With processors today, there's no excuse for not having this.  Come on.  Fire your QA folks.  Get new ones.  And fire the product development lead on this or fire the guy who told him no on immersion reading.  And call your Audible contact and give them a nice big compensation on their lost sales b/c of no immersion reading on this device.  Big readers are going to buy this.  Many big readers like immersion reading.  It's nice to sit and read along with professional narration.7. +1 for this - you can read in decent lighting conditions without using the backlight.8. Auto brightness... sucks.  I can turn that on in the dark and no lighting occurs.9. The Night Light feature... I'm not seeing it working.This is still a buy for me b/c of the reading quality, but sadly no 5 star review.This could definitely change with the next update.
If you can find it used, go for it, otherwise I'd say wait till the price drops.Pros:- Good screen, VERY fast refresh rate, good size and DPI, light ranging from off to bright- Comfortable to hold, good weight, well-balanced- Waterproof- Lots of storage (a must for audible)- Wireless charging (sortof)Cons:- You can either read OR listen to Audible.  You can't do both.- Only bluetooth (no headphone jack)- Touch controls are a bit wonky- About $75 more than it's worth- Somewhat disappointing batteryIf I could listen AND read simultaneously, I'd say it's worth every penny.  Unfortunately, if you hear something profound, you must pause (so the page doesn't advance), switch to reading mode, and then highlight.  If you want to do immersive reading (I have trouble reading and the audio helps), you have to use another device; my phone can do immersive reading, so I find it more convenient to just read and listen on my phone and let the tablet sit on the shelf.  I assume this could be fixed with a software update.The touch controls are a little too sensitive, and it's way too easy to advance the page.  You must be VERY deliberate to go back a page or to pull down the menu.  This too could be fixed with a software update.The lack of a headphone jack is no deal breaker, but it's a little disappointing.The wireless charging doesn't work with my existing QI chargers (they detect it, but don't work)The battery is fantastic compared to a phone, laptop, or tablet, but weak compared to my previous paperwhite.
I upgraded from my 6" Kindle Oasis. Great large screen. Prefer the aluminium casing that the older one. Audible integration works fine. Pairing up my Apple Airpods was easy. The battery of the 6" Oasis was better than the latest one, although it easily lasts a few good days, but definitely not weeks. Though I don't mind plugging it for charge couple of hours every 4-5 days.
I have owned the Oasis for a couple of weeks now and I have to say I love it!  I previously used the kindle paper white and even though that was a great e-reader, it started to lag and freeze on me.  I upgraded to the Oasis because I wanted the bigger screen and I imagined that the buttons would be really useful.  It turned out I was right, the buttons to flip the pages are useful and not redundant like some have previously said.After using the Oasis, I found it was faster, screen is sharper and surprisingly lighter than my previous Paper white.  I love the fact I can listen to audio books on this; I tried this feature a couple of days and works well.For reading books, anywhere, any time of day, this is a great piece of technology.
I accidentally ordered this when trying to get another original, Gen 8 Oasis. When it arrived I thought perhaps it would be an upgrade to the original Oasis, but it wasn't. It went back within a few days.The weight of this Oasis Gen 9 isn't balanced, which makes holding it uncomfortable and difficult. You're constantly moving your hand to try to find the right position where the weight will be balanced and the kindle will just sit comfortably in your hand; it never is. It just feels heavy. The back is slick which makes it even more difficult to hold because in addition to the weight being imbalanced, you have to grip it harder and harder to keep it from sliding out of your hand.I thought I would love the case that allowed you to stand the Oasis up on a table and read, but the case just disconnecting from the kindle. The magnet on the cover didn't seem strong enough to overcome the weight of the kindle.Worse than the difficulty in holding it is the hard and sharp edges. The sharp, metal edge reminds me of the Nook (which was very uncomfortable to hold after just a few minutes because of the sharp metal edge). This Oasis also has a sharp metal edge which quickly becomes uncomfortable. And there's no way to avoid touching it. It's both sharp and not flush with the screen. If you have any sensory issues, I would go back to the original Oasis or the Voyage. The edges on those are rounded and you don't notice them while holding those kindles.I also didn't like the larger screen because it actually felt too large. It was like reading a term paper instead of a book; I had to move my head form side to side to read the whole page; with the original Oasis, I just had to move my eyes (like a regular paperback, for the most part).Good in theory, but not in execution. The Oasis Gen 8 is still the best kindle out there. And with the software updates, the only thing the Gen 8 doesn't have is the Audible software and the ability to drop it in the bathtub. While being waterproof would be a nice feature, it doesn't outweigh everything else you give up. Sticking with the Gen 8 Oasis.
The new Oasis has some major flaws.  These might be fixed by software updates but time will tell.  The good points of the Oasis are the larger screen, the quality build and the movement of the charging port to the bottom of the device where it belongs.  The previous Oasis had the port on the top.The bad points:  The Oasis freezes every few days where the page turn buttons nor the screen tap respond.  A reboot of the device is required to resume operation.  Also, frequently you press the page turn button and the page doesn't turn.  Pressing it again will turn the page.The battery life is absolutely dismal.  I've had the Paperwhite, Voyage, 1st Oasis and now the new Oasis.  I always keep them in airplane mode and mid settings on screen brightness.  My reading habits have not changed but the battery life of the new Oasis is measured in days, not weeks.  This was not true with the 1st Oasis, Voyage or Paperwhite.  There are some serious issues with this unit.  Hopefully these are firmware issues that can be fixed with a software update.Update 12/17:  After using the device for awhile now, I believe the battery issue may be more one of reporting the charge then actual discharge,  similar to a car's gas gauge that reports empty when there is still  tank left.  I say this because I continued to read for several days after Oasis was reporting critical low battery.  Finally it powered off almost a week later.  Also when I charge the unit as the meter reflects about  charge left, it 'charges too fast' leading me to believe its wasn't that low to begin with.  I think this is a firmware issue that can be resolved.
I recently lost my Kindle Paperwhite at an airport and, instead of it being turned in to Lost/Found, the party reset the device and attempted to re-register it to another account. Fortunately, I had called Amazon and the helpful representative disabled the device (by serial number) so that no one else can use it! Given that I am unlikely to ever see that device again, I decided to replace it with the latest Oasis, which has now arrived. After a few days getting acclimated, I love the light weight, crisp readability, and features most of which are similar to my previous Paperwhite. I decided NOT to add a hard case; instead, I bought a Walnew 7" sleeve that works perfectly. I set the Oasis brightness to 10 and it seems fine for most conditions, especially reading in bed at night. I am finding that the most comfortable reading position is horizontal versus vertical. With that orientation, I can hold the Oasis by the bottom bezel with either hand or both and I can even rest the device on my stomach/chest area. Concerning the battery life, I browsed through several reviews complaining about the rapid discharge, but I haven't owned the unit long enough to have taken my own measurement. With a low brightness setting (10), Wi-Fi normally in airport mode, and reading approx one hour per night, I expect the battery to last at least a full week between charges. One feature that I am still not certain I will use is the Audible.com capability. I can borrow audio books from my local library for free, but I don't imagine that I will enjoy the experience. If I elect to give it a try, I will purchase a small Bluetooth receiver (e.g., TaoTronics) so that I can use my own quality headphones/earbuds for audio.BATTERY UPDATE: After two weeks of ownership, I am easily averaging 7-8 days per charge with approximately 2 hours reading/day (no audible - yet). Settings: brightness at 10; WiFi off. It might last 1-2 days longer b/c the progress bar still had 10-15% when I recharged both times.
I like the size and the ease of use.  What I don't like and haven't with any of the four Kindles I have owned is the crappy battery life.  You need to stop saying it has weeks of reading time.  It does not.  None of my Kindles (except for my 2nd generation device) has ever gotten more than a day and a half of life from a battery.  This is a real pain.
This is the best Kindle yet. It can hold all of my books, is faster, and has a larger screen.The problem is that the available cover for it is not at all adequate. The magnetic attachment for the cover is much too weak. This is too bad, since the Kindle is the best one yet.
I bought this from Best Buy since they had it in stock and Amazon didn't. I'll cut right to the chase:PROSSleek and solidly built. It looks very nice (but seems like it would be easily damaged if dropped).Perfectly even screen illumination. Much better than my Paperwhite.Larger screen, fewer page turns, larger pictures and graphics.Faster page turns than any other Kindle I have seen.Waterproof (nice, but not a huge selling point for me).Fast screen rotation when changing hands.Audible. I haven't tried this yet, but definitely a good feature, even if you can't listen and read at the same time.CONSIt's expensive.It's heavy. I'm surprised at this. They should have stuck with plastic to keep the weight down.It's wide. Not suitable to carry in your pocket. I can cram my Paperwhite into my back pocket but not the Oasis.It's slippery. This is my biggest complaint. The metal is smooth and hard to grip. It's also cold. It is not easy or comfortable to hold for a long time. I struggle to find a comfortable grip that also allows me to easily get to the page buttons. Reading in bed is even harder if you need to hold it up vertically because it is very difficult to find a good grip that also allows access to the page buttons. I was constantly hitting them by accident. I would not be comfortable walking with it because I would be worried about losing my grip and dropping it. Because of the glass screen, I think it would break more easily than the plastic Kindles, which can take a beating. So the combination of the weight and being hard to hold really lowered my rating. Adding a skin would probably help, but that's more investment in an already very expensive product and adds to the weight.The auto brightness doesn't seem to work at all for me, I have never seen it adjust even going from a dark to light room.Battery life has not been good.So while there is a lot to like, I am debating returning it due to the difficulty in holding it for long periods of time. At this premium price, it should be more ergonomic. I am tempted to buy the previous Oasis model, which is much lighter and smaller, even though I like the larger screen. Ultimately I think most people will be just fine with a Paperwhite. The weight is similar and it is much easier to hold.UPDATE - I have spent a couple months with both the gen 1 and the gen 2 Oasis. I ended up buying both thinking I would return one, but never did. As much as I like the gen 2s larger screen, I find myself reaching for the gen 1 more often, especially if I am going somewhere. Its just a much better size and form factor. Its easier to hold and I can put it in a jacket pocket. The battery lasts longer. The gen 2 is just a tad too big and heavy and I only use it when I am reading at home in a sitting position. Its too slippery to hold for long when reading in bed. The cold metal is more noticeable now that the weather is cold and its off putting. So while I appreciate the sleek design and do like the larger screen, the gen 1 wins out for me. Its just more user friendly and convenient. I will probably keep both for now and sell the gen 2 at some point when I need some extra cash.
I am sad that I had to return the Kindle Oasis. It is beyond beautiful, however, ergonomically impossible. The Oasis is hard to hold, and the front-facing buttons do not make any sense. The lopsidedness of the product is a design flaw and not useful. It is heavy and hard to hold. If I am going to spend over three hundred dollars on an e-reader, it has to be perfect, and this is not. I forget to mention that the battery life is inadequate. After unboxing, I charged it and reduced the brightness, but this did not help the battery. I read for a total of five hours, and the battery life went from 100% to 62%. Amazon did an exceptional job with the aluminum finish. The software has improved tremendously. I think the company should go back to the drawing board to design a better product. It does not worth the money. The Kindle Oasis has the potential to be great, so Amazon should do a better job with the ergonomics. Get a bunch of readers in a room to test if the product is ready for market. Get it together!
The reason for 3 stars is because of 2 different things. Device-Love It. Problems with device in less than 2 months with 2 replacements-hate it. My wife bought me the big boy, the maxed out 349.99 model for my birthday/Xmas. We received the first one late November to be replaced with a brand new one because the first one was locking up. Today I called amazon to explain that this brand new replacement has a dark area on the right side of the screen when illuminated by the back light. It is small now and some people may say it is a small thing. I dont know if it will spread. However it is not a small thing especially when my wife paid 350$ for it and I have never had this occur in the Kindle Keyboard, 2 Paperwhites and a Voyage. It would not be so bad if Amazon would send me a brand new replacement. I was told by customer service I will only be receiving a refurbished one because it has been over 30 days since the first replacement arrived. I could understand receiving a refurbished device if I were 6 months or more into the use of this one. So even though my wife paid the full 350$ for a new one and Amazon has managed to send me 2 defective brand new devices, and I now have to be inconvenienced by contacting Square Trade to change the serial number for the extended warranty my wife bought, recheck out and reload Library books from Overdrive, set up a replacement, deactivate the defective one and set up a new one. print out a mailing label and use my resources of packaging to then drive 5 miles to the nearest UPS drop off, I am now receiving a refurbished unit in less than 2 months of using the Oasis. It seems kind of low on Amazons part when I have been a Prime member for years and have spent countless thousands of dollars shopping on Amazon. Other than that, when the device works, it is a wonderful Kindle.
Had the previous Oasis and loved it.Larger screen on this one is nice but toss up if it is an improvement especially if you have small hands.Aluminum back is slippery.Battery life is poor, dramatically less than previous version.Bottom line, if you don't need waterproof, previous version was a better device.
Overall pretty pleased. I was in the market for a new Kindle, as the spouse's Paperwhite died and I gave him my gen 1 Oasis. Otherwise I doubt I would have spent the $$$ to upgrade from one Oasis to the newer.Pros - larger screen, better battery life without having to use it with the cover (compared to the previous Oasis). But the battery life (which was astonishingly long on early Kindles) is only okay, particularly if you read for several hours a day with the brightness up as I do. The "waterproof" feature is nice (even though I don't trust it to be completely waterproof), but reading in a bathtub or hot tub without one of the waterproof pouch covers is nice.Cons - don't like the "sharp" metal edges, needed a more rounded contour. After holding it for several hours, I have a distinct crease from the edge "cut" in my finger. The value/dollar ratio on this model is really pushing it. With the larger screen the device also got wider and that extra inch is a bit hard to adjust to.Not fond of the current cover options, but that is just a matter of time. I prefer just a slip pocket for dropping it in a purse or backpack. Haven't really used the bluetooth options, as I have a Kindle Fire with a large card in it that I store music and audio books on, so I didn't really need my ereader for that. I suspect the bluetooth feature would also be a battery drain, but someone who uses it can address that issue.
I was holding out for many years with my Kindle Keyboard. I still think it's the best Kindle made, but the battery was hardly holding a charge anymore, and I really wanted the back-lighting of the newer models. My main issue with the newer Kindles are the touch-screens, and how I was constantly turning pages by accident. Sensitive touch-screen + thin bezels are just a terrible design in my opinion. The new Oasis mostly addresses that with the thick bezel and page buttons, but I still find myself accidentally turning the page from time to time. Especially while reading in bed. The touch screen is ultra sensitive in that regard.The backlight is excellent. Very uniform. I just wish it were of a more natural color, as it's a sickly sort of white.The Oasis screen also has a noticeable amount of image retention. When you switch pages you'll see faint ghost images from the previous page remain. This is especially noticeable when you browse a page with graphics, like the store. This is odd to me, since my old Kindle Keyboard didn't have any of this.I know they recently added a firmware update to completely disable the touch-screen. But since you have to go into menu settings every time you use the Kindle, I imagine this would get just as annoying as the accidental page turns. It's a clumsy fix. The ability to disable *just* the page-turning touch function would make this Kindle almost perfect.
When I  got the oasis the language was not in English and I could not get it changed.  Since I did not know what I was reading, I could not get it activated.  I call the support line and stayed on line for an hour talking to one of the employees, who was trying to help me.  Everything he suggested did not work.  He would go and talk to his superior and come back to phone to keep having me do different things.  I finally told him, I did not want the Oasis until all the kinks were out of it.  I decided to send it back and wait until maybe next year to buy it.  I have bought several Kindles in the last few years, and really like them.  I still have them and read a lot.  I had ordered several items to go with the new Oasis, so I filled out the form to return them and put everything in one box.  I was surprised I had to pay $26 to send them back because they charged me shipping for each item(these were all in same box, not separate)  I have not been reimbursed for the shipping.  It was a defective Kindle and I had to pay for shipping it back. This was the first time I was disappointed in trying to buy a Kindle.
This is my first Kindle, and I must say that I have mixed feelings. The most negative is the lack of adjustment for contrast, and when I raised the issue with the support team, I was repeated asked to adjust the brightness. Contrast is of course different from brightness. It may be just me, but I feel that the black is not dark enough, no matter how bright I tune the display. I gradually developed a sense that instead of the black characters being projected into my vision, I have to exert my mental strength to pull them into my sight, which quickly strained my eyes. I don't know why this $ 300 plus device doesn't have a contrast adjustment function. My TV set costing less than $100 can adjust contrast! To avoid easy eye fatigue, I'm now trying to read books on black background (the reverse button, however, is buried quite deep in layers of option. In other words, it is not user-friendly to toggle between black and white backgrounds). Besides this obvious oversight (or intended omission so as to cut cost), the machine is pretty slow, compared with similarly priced devices, such as a tablet. And much slower than my Galaxy 8 plus cell phone (but the good thing is that I can use Kindle app on my cell phone and that app can sync with this Kindle Oasis, for instance to open a page I left over there). Besides the hardware problems, some of the default applications are hard to use. For instance, when searching for free books in "goodreads", one may find more than 3000 titles, but when rolling down the list, if a book is clicked to display its brief introduction or the link to download, one will be returned to the beginning of the list, of more than 3000 titles, once out of that introduction/download page. That means, one can spend a whole day browsing that list, with very little progress, because of this constant Sisyphus return.  In my case, I spent about 3 hrs when I first got the device, trying to get some free books, but never advanced past 100 books, most of the time just trying to scroll down to where I was involuntarily brought back to the beginning. With that said, I still give this device 4 stars, because after all, I now have more than 800 books on the device, thanks to the many websites giving free e-books (e.g., https://www.gutenberg.org). Without this device, I couldn't have the convenience of having that many books (and I probably will have 10 times more in future, considering the 32 GB spacious storage I got with this Kindle. The 800 books only took about 1 GB on my device now). And the Kindle email is a great bonus, which is provided free with my purchase, and easy online registration,  of this device and is a convenient and useful tool for me to transfer ebooks from my desktop pc to the Kindle. The good thing is that you can rename your email's name (if not yet taken by others), and the suffix is of course always "kindle.com". By the way, it is also easy to transfer large files from PC to this Kindle, by using the supplied USB charge cable. All in all, I wish Amazon will add the "contrast adjust" function in future and make the CPU run faster, besides making the "goodreads" to remember the previous search locations.
What I like the most is the 3G feature that allows me to get books whenever i choose and wherever I am. It is very light weight and comfortable in my hands.  The WiFi for listening is wonderful; not being tethered to the Kindle gives great freedom.  What I dislike most is that it constantly has to be recharged. I thought from reading the description that the charge would last longer than my newest Fire but that is not the case
I have been a die-hard Paperwhite user, until I saw the reviews on the new Oasis were better than the old one; I took a chance and bought a new Oasis.  And I love it!  First, you don't even need a cover for it.  It feels so good in your hand, so light and natural!  Trust me on this.  I bought a case for it and wasted my money.  I eventually got a sleeve to keep it in.  Now the battery life is about the same as the Paperwhite.  I think the screen and resolution are much better than the Paperwhite.  It's a 7 inch screen, which is fantastic, just the right size!  I did buy the 3G model because it's worth it to me to be able to download my next book to read WHEREVER I am, since I have had the unfortunate experience of forgetting to download my books from my library while I am still at home in range of wifi.  It sucks when you have a Kindle at work, no new books to read, and no WiFi, just saying.  The only thing I noticed was, the Oasis would not connect to my Bluetooth headphones that I use with my Kindle Fires.  So I never thought anything could make me stop using my Paperwhites, but now Oasis has made them just a distant memory........
Does what it's supposed to. I like the bigger screen but miss the rubberized shell on my the old paper white. The shell is slick with sharp edges, so it's difficult to read in bed (my usual reading time). Plan on buying a case if you get this reader. I also like that you can reverse the text just by flipping it over.
Ive had several other Kindles. All of them were nice but had the same exact page turning issue! They would skip pages, both forwards and backwards! I decided the heck with it and bought the Kindle Oasis. I know that the price is hefty but I was so desperate for pushable buttons.Alas Im extremely happy. I immediately noticed the crispness of the display. How lovely and sharp the words appeared to me. How smooth and soft the screen is. Its page turn, physical buttons, are absolutely amazing. I dont know why I thought theyd be hard to push but they are quite easy to push. No effort st all. They also do not get in the way of how I naturally hold the Kindle. That was one major gripe I had with the Voyage. Not sure whos bright idea was it to put page turn buttons right where people hold the darn thing. But again, not a problem at all for the Oasis. Also, I got a leather case and although it does add to the weight, the way they designed the counter weight makes it fine. My hands do not get tired holding it. Also I really love the bigger screen. PERFECTION!!!
Pricey, but Kindles just get better and better.  Automatically determines the text orientation when I switch hands.  Lots of words on the screen at one time - more like a real page.  Very light, even with the Moko case - clearly lighter than my Paperwhite 6th gen.  I love it!
Kindle for me is a necessity and a life changing device.  So, when the new Oasis came out, I HAD to get it.  After using it for a few days, I am pretty disappointed.  The Fintie Orgimai cover makes it tolerable but holding it one hand becomes painful after a few minutes.  So, I mostly end up setting it down and reading.  Having said that, the screen - both the size and the lighting is just incredible.  So, I am going to keep it but all in all, a disappointing device at this price tag.
Absolutely amazed with this e-reader. I have been trying to get back into reading on a fire tablet, but just couldn't enjoy myself.  After researching and being on the fence I finally decided to take the plunge into buying a dedicated reader, and this was a great decision!  I have read daily on this new Oasis and have been blown away by the kind of reading experience it opened up.  No distractions from apps, extremely comfortable to hold (I can literally get lost into a book now), and great portability.  I'm also excited to be able to read by the pool or hot tub with this.  I can't attest to how it compares to last years model or other e-readers, but I can say that it was well worth every penny to me and has provided many hours of enjoyment already!
They blew it out of the park with this one. I've had probably 5 different kindles before. All of them felt like I was reading from an e-reader because of some glaring problem. This is the first kindle where I completely forgot that I was even using an e-reader and was just completely emerged in the reading. A big part of it is larger screen size which lets you not have to turn the page as often. Another plus is the backlighting which really makes the text pop. I also like that they didn't make you purchase the cover with this one so that it's a little bit cheaper. Well done. I hope they continue to push the size of the kindle. An 8" oasis might even be better. Also, a large size kindle that is 11" would be great for academic reading.
I am a kindle fanatic and have owned kindles for years. I never go anywhere without one. When the oasis came out I was admittedly interested even though I was content with my paper white. Having an increased reading screen and being waterproof were the features I was most drawn too. So when I accidentally cracked my paper white screen I decided to get an oasis making it my fourth kindle since the 2nd generation. It came yesterday and I was immediately in love. It synced to my account instantly and I was able to start up on the oasis on the same page that I had left off on my paper white within minutes. The oasis is lightweight and has a good feeling in my hands. I agree with other reviewers that it feels a little slick without any cover. The screen is beautiful and very similar to what I loved about the paper white just larger. I am still testing it out but the battery seems to be working just fine. I purchased a moko cover which fit perfectly and allows for comfortable reading that doesnt add much weight and adds security.  I am super happy I made this purchase. Im completely satisfied thus far.
I received Oasis as a gift and I was so happy because my other kindle is very old (paper white).  I didn't know I would have a lot of work to do before I can start reading in this new device.  When I linked the device to my Amazon account, Oasis included the books I have loaned from the library that had already expired.  Then when you click on the book, a message will pop out saying that the loan has expired.  What the heck???  I don't remember which books I purchased and which books I borrowed. That is very confusing.  Why include them in the list?  I have borrowed a lot of books from the library over these past several years.  Do I have to put all of them in a collection so It will not show on "My Library" ?  That's a lot of work.  If Kindle creators want them listed in the device, they should just create a list of loaned books automatically so they will not clutter my books all over.I hope that for future upgrades, that Kindle makers would at least indicate if the item is a loaned book and if it is expired.
Ive owned several Kindles throughout the years and never really liked the cheap, plastic feel of them.  Plus, they were always slower than my IPad.  The new Oasis has a great design and is speedier than any Kindle Ive ever used.  Its an enormous improvement over the previous models.Ive also subscribed to Audible for a decade, so I was really excited to use the auidiobook feature.  Sadly, the files are not high resolution (despite a 32 gigabyte memory) and sound much clearer on my iphone.Finally, headphones will connect, then disconnect in standby.  It becomes necessary to forget the device and re-pair quite often (with multiple brands), so Ive given up on that feature and gone back to the iphone when listening to audiobooks.  Thats what holds it back from four stars.
I love the space (I got the 32 GB) and I love the thinness (about as thick as a small stack of papers). My great disappointment, however, is with the battery. I don't know if I received a "faulty" one or what, but with my Kindle Paperwhite, I'd go anywhere from 1-2 weeks between charges -- with the Oasis, no joke, I'm lucky if I can make it to TWO DAYS. One of the reasons why I went with the overpriced upgrade was because of the promised longer charges, yet the Oasis is SIGNIFICANTLY worse in this sense.Get if you need the space (I desperately did), but make sure you're able to charge whenever you're not using it.
I have been wanting a Kindle e-reader for some time. I was amazed when I first saw a friends Kindle Voyage, so when I saw this Kindle Oasis available with a 7" screen, waterproof, and with the ability to listen to audio books through blue tooth I decided to wait no longer to buy an e-reader. Reading books on my tablet caused too much eye strain, but this Oasis is actually as close to an actual book than I have ever seen, and also much easier to hold while reading than a book.
Very mixed feelings. Biggest problem is that I can't hold it without my fingers actuating the touch sensitivity and screwing things up. This is my seventh Kindle and I have always used a cover. Nobody seems to make a working cover for it yet. The Amazon covers are ridiculously expensive and don't seem to work from the reviews. Oberon, whose covers I have always used in the past, doesn't make one yet and they are still recovering from the Santa Clara disaster and don't know when they will get to designing one. The larger size IS nice and especially the greater storage, which is the reason that I bought it. Perhaps when I get a cover so I can handle it, it will be better but until then I will stick with reading from my PaperWhite.And the battery life is absolutely HORRIBLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Even my iPad has better battery life.
Tried to love it.I love my kindle pw3 and read with it a lot. When this new device came out, I didn't hesitate to pre-order one to upgrade. I received it at the end of October. Its battery was just too bad. I waited until it was fully indexed and recharged several times, the battery still died quickly. I contacted the costumer service, and they were pretty nice and told me they would send me a replacement. However, when I got it, I found it was a refurbished one. So I contacted the costumer service again. They told me the device I purchased before was registered more than 30 days ago. I told them this was impossible because it was just released. The agent double-checked it and told me it was a system glitch. He instructed me to re-place a order and send two devices back to Amazon. Hence, I re-order one then.Today, I got the new one. The saddest part is that it came with more issues. The screen has one dead pixel and a light leaking spot. It is kind of annoying to replace or return for many times. So I just issued to return it.Overall, the concept and the design of this new oasis is good. I enjoy reading with kindles all the time. I do hope they can enhance their quality controls. Now, I don't know whether I should buy a refurbished voyage or Kobo? I just want a good e-reader which I can enjoy every day.Btw, thanks for the help from Amazon customer service.
So far I am loving my new Kindle Oasis.  I still have the original Kindle Fire and that is working great, however it is so heavy and I cant read it outside, so it was time for an upgrade.  My husband talked me into upgrading  and I am so glad he did.  I have no issues with the Kindle Oasis.  I did order a skin from another site and really like the look of the skin plus it makes the Kindle Oasis not as slippery.
This new Oasis 9th gen Kindle replaces my 2011 Kindle Keyboard (whose battery takes 24 hours to charge, battery drains in a week, and a draggingly slow 60-80 seconds to turn pages to browse books on device - NOT the page turns in the book I'm currently reading, but everything else!).It is very, VERY fast to turn on, even with "swipe", very clean and clear screen - I didn't know if I'd like the larger screen, but I do!I believe this is quite a bit faster than even the first Oasis (which I tried back in September but returned), which is a real plus for me.Making print bolder is great, changing fonts is fine, being able to control page layouts for my particular reading preference is great.Have not yet tried the Audible books on this device.Only concern I had was the "slipperyness" of the device. I had a nice silicone protective cover by Incipio for my Kindle keyboard, so I actually only held the device without the cover twice in 6.5 years. It was very grippy and soft, and practically impossible to drop.So, I was not prepared for (1) how light this device is and (2) how "unprotected" it felt. The first Kindle Oasis had the cover attached all the time I tested it, which made it a bit heavy to hold, but gave a secure, firm grip.My solution: I ended up putting easy-to-remove blue painters tape on the back, which adds exactly enough grip for me to comfortably hold it, at least until some less expensive cover options start showing up online.Something else which surprised me: I was reading outside, in full sun, and the device really heated up, to the point that I had to put it down! Black front, aluminum back...I should have guessed. Having a protective cover on my old device prevented this from happening, although the black front would get hot if I put it down for any length of time. So, another reason to get a cover or some protection for the new Oasis.All in all, very glad Amazon created this perfect (for me) Kindle, and I'm sure this will last me a very long time!Edit: The "slippery" issue was not exactly solved (yet) with the painters tape. I saw another post where the user employed rubber bands to add some grip. I have a few on my device, and it works better to provide grip, but it's not the perfect solution. Keeping my eye out for a wider selection of cases/covers which I'm sure will debut in the next few months.Also love that I can give a Goodreads "star" review after completing a book. However, how cool would it be to be able to actually type out a review right on the Kindle after finishing a book, instead of having to go to a computer to do this? THAT would be top of the heap helpful to me!Another Edit: following the suggestion of another reviewer, I tried the SnapPop phone holder on my device. It is closer to what is needed to grip the Kindle better, but it will stick to plastic much better than to aluminum. So, we had some spare plastic wall hooks with very strong adhesive, and that's what I'm currently using. It will remove without leaving sticky residue, and if there is any, GooGone will handle that.This is just until more reasonably priced covers/cases start to hit the market. I'd hate to drop this, but I don't see it being a problem now!
The inherent limitations of a reader have not been overcome. This reader costs as much as many tablets but offers little beyond sub-$100 basic readers. Its major weakness rests in its inability to properly render any graphs, tables and pictures. I understand black and white/grayscale screen results in good battery life, however reading any scientific text, or a business report for that matter, is rather impossible. Graphs with even most distinct color differences are rendered in the same gray, making them unreadable and useless. Moreover, scaling is rather horrible. Let's say you look at a graph or a map, several tiny labels around it (or names of geographical features on a map, as in a travel guide) trying to enlarge that by "stretching" gesture ends up enlarging font size in a whole book, while not scaling the image, picture, map, graph etc. I consider it a major flaw.Kindle Oasis is good for reading a novel, but anything beyond text, such as a table, graph, map etc. is impossible to read and properly interpret. At $300, I expected better from Amazon. For that $300, Amazon does not even give you a charger, Oasis ships with only a USB cable, a charger is sold separately. Really?
I have owned a couple PaperWhites, and a couple Fires and loved them all.  Recently I have gotten into downloading free Kindle books.  My library outgrew the storage on the Paperwhite so I figured I would upgrade to an Oasis.  I am rather upset however that I don't seem to be able to download any new books once I get around 6800 of them downloaded it refuses to download anymore.  I have check on three networks to rule out connectivity issues.  I have only used about 25% of the storage.  I am having to delete off it's to make room for items.  Granted I will never be able to read all of the books I own, but that isn't the point.  The point is that I paid for a lot more storage space, yet I can't take advantage of it.
I'm glad Amazon ditched the charging cover. I've had the 1st and 2nd gen Paperwhite, Voyage, Oasis (first-gen) and now the 2nd-gen Oasis which is by far the best. So happy with the purchase.
I have had most Kindle readers. This is by far the best. The bigger screen is an improvement over earlier models. Ergonomically this reader is easy to use. It is light and easy to hold. The backlighting on the screen is quite even and better than earlier models. And the best change is that you can reverse black and white text, i.e., either white text on a black background or black text on a white background. They made a mistake by burying this change in the Accessibility setup tab. They should make it something on the page menu that you can change on the fly. But that aside, this allows for late night reading with far less strain on my eyes, and far less ambient light that keeps my wife awake. I also read on a Samsung Galaxy S2. That is great for color but the screen is just too bright (even at it's lowest settings) for my eyes at night. The Kindle battery life is respectable and good enough. I charge once very two weeks or so. And the addition of audible is a great help. Now I can use one device for reading almost exclusively. I am a fan.
I've only used it the last couple of weeks. I charged it when I got it, and use it 30-45 minutes every night. I shut it totally down every night and have not had to recharge it yet at all. The self adjusting back lighting works great. It's light weight and easy to read in bed. My only complaint is it is really thin and a bit awkward to hold for extended periods.
Fast page turns. Perfect, larger screen. Super light. Waterproof. My sole complaint is the meta case is slippery and harder to grasp than the plastic/rubber backed Kindles. But I found a simple solution. Add a no slip safety square used to prevent slips in the shower. Like this one:https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B01NCYSH18/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o01_s00?ie=UTF8&psc;=1 It even has a very similar transparent and gray, as you see in the photo. It allows a great grip and even stays on when it gets wet at the beach or pool.
I absolutely love this Kindle. I have had it now for a couple months and could not be more pleased. I am a BIG reader, so I need something that I don't have to worry about stopping to charge every few hours. This Kindle is stunning to look at, is so light, and holds a charge well. The lighting is perfect too. I have had my Kindle with me everywhere and have not found a single condition where I couldn't read this book. Zero glare, and the lighting does not ever hurt your eyes. I could go on and on about this product; I absolutely love it and am really glad I made this purchase.
I am extremely disappointed with my Kindle Oasis E-reader. I bought the best one to take on my trip to Costa Rica because it was advertised as light, waterproof and supposed to have a long lasting battery. Regretfully I have had to charge it every evening after reading a few hours each day. The screen is slightly blurry on one side of the page while the other side is crisp. Very annoying. The "auto-dim" feature doesn't do anything. I have to manually change the brightness based on the ambient light where I am reading. Additionally sometimes there is a % indicator showing how much of the book has been read so far. Nice feature. Regretfully it comes and goes. When it disappears I have tried to get it back without success. Hopefully all of the problems with my e-reader are the result of this being a defective unit and doesn't reflect the quality of other Kindle Oasis E-readers. But mine certainly seems to be a dud!In addition to the technical issues I do not like the way the library is set up. I've had Kindles before as well as Nooks. I always liked the Nook "library" better as you could read the synopsis of a book before opening it to decide if that is what you are in the mood for at that moment. Unless I am confused by this Kindle, if I tap on a book, it opens and that is it. No option to consider the outline and put it back and look for another book. Of course, I can open more books but never know what I am getting. If I want to find out I have to go to my computer online to look it up and narrow my search then go back to the Kindle to open it. A waste of time. Hopefully it is just my ignorance on how to access certain elements of the Kindle, but at this point, between the technical defects and the complications, I am extremely disappointed.
There aren't enough words in the English language to describe how much I love the new Kindle Oasis. While I have other e-readers that I enjoy using; the lack of storage space was becoming frustrating. Mainly, because I hate deleting books just so I can add new ones, when I'll want to reread the books I've deleted at some point.I know that I could just as easily read on my tablets, but I don't always read inside. I spend a lot of time outside during summer months with my grandson. The glare on a tablet screen makes it hard to read, so I tend to use my e-readers despite the lack of storage, but now I don't have to worry about it anymore and that makes me giddy with happiness.So far, I haven't found anything to complain about in regards to my new Kindle Oasis and its 32 gig hard drive, and fully intend to encourage my daughter to order one, since she shares the same problem as I was having. So little storage space when there are so many wonderful books out there that we have yet to read, and favorites we really don't want to delete when we both randomly have the urge to revisit a multitude of series and authors.
I like the screen size. I like it's lighting. I like the touch. However touching in the black and not the page will occasionally turn a page as well which is irritating. The cover, while looking nice is overrated and over priced. The metal can be cool to the touch which is also not a ideal as another material such as plastic which is less temp sensitive.I also don't like the Amazon policy of having to add the extra step of actually downloading a book even though you have already purchased it. Should be done at time of purchase.
My First Oasis was sent to me with a dead pixel. I immediately contacted customer service, returned it, and was mailed a new one. The new one is flawless. The screen is gorgeous, I love the bigger size, I love the buttons for page turns, it is brighter and clearer than my Paperwhite, and much smoother. I have no complaints about the metal back and no complaints of any "sharp edges". It's a gorgeous Kindle, and a worthy upgrade from the Paperwhite if you really love to read.My complaint is like many others - the  battery life sucks compared to the other Kindles. I had a Paperwhite and chose to upgrade to the Oasis. The battery life on the Paperwhite was a million times better and longer. However, if someone handed me a cellphone with the same batter life of this Oasis I'd be like, "man this cellphone has great battery life!" but since I'm used to my Paperwhite lasting 4 weeks before it needs a charge, it has left me a little bummed out over the decrease (I read for an hour and a half last night and lost 10% battery, from 100% to 90%. It was updated to the newest software and no books were indexing. The light was at 6, and I don't have the wireless one. It was not in airplane mode, as I should not have to turn on airplane mode on my Kindle to preserve battery life. I didn't on my Paperwhite, and I shouldn't have to make "tweaks" like that. Disappointing that it is expected). So I'm hoping there will be some kind of software update to make this a little better. I could probably still get 5-7 out of it before it died, but still...Update: so I unplugged my Oasis Sunday night at 100%. As of this morning (Wednesday morning) I'm sitting at 65% battery life, about 1-2 hours of reading each night (3 nights). The light has been at 5 and 6, and like I said, I have no cellular. This is atrocious battery life compared to the previous Kindles. While it's still totally do-able (first world problems, right) to charge a Kindle once every 5-7 days, I'm disappointed Amazon didn't make this better, and at first advertised this at "weeks battery life". Weeks battery life at what, not using it at all? Did you guys even test this thing? I'm knocking off a star because battery life really is a significant negative difference from past Kindles.
Overall, really good stuff.Great eInk screen. Clear and crisp. It remains pretty light, even given the size.Because it's 7", you can read letter paper size standard PDFs on 12 pt without needing a magnifying glass. It's not super big, but readable. I use it to read scripts mostly and it's way nicer than reading them on the computer screen. Given that script formatting is relevant to readability, being able to read unmodified PDFs is a plus for me. If your PDF has a standard narrative format, Kindle does a good job converting it to kindle format automatically when emailed to your Kindle including the word "convert" in the subject line. Otherwise, you can use external software (recommended below) to reformat your PDFs.The front-lit screen works great but when reading in the bedroom at night it's like having a night light on (while using the lower readable light setting, which for me is between 6 and 8). If you share the bed, this might be a problem. A book with a small LED is less bright (but not as nicely even lit as this)It's not super comfortable to grip and the aluminum back makes it a bit slippery. A step back from the rubberized one. After an hour or so, my hand gets sore in a muscle I didn't even know I had. I've seen they sell grip attachments, so I might end up getting one. I wish it had a cover like the previous one to help improve the grip and protect the screen.The battery life is good but not excellent. I thought plane mode was going to give me much more battery life. Still, charging it every two weeks or so is not bad and it recharges quickly even when charging from a computer USB port not using the USB-AC wall adapter.Browsing is pretty useless in the experimental browser, but you can select articles in your computer's browser and send them to your Kindle using the Send to Kindle extension. It does a pretty good job, but unfortunately, on most websites I read, the images are lost in the conversion process. Some articles really benefit from having the images, even if they are in black and white. Some of the images that make it are in thumbnail size and you can't even tell what the are. If you were thinking of buying this to read comics or graphic novels it might not be the best option, unless, they are in black and white. I read that Manga is a format that reads well, but I don't know first hand as it is a genre I've not gotten into.The financing option is awesome and, for a little over $50 a month, you can pay your kindle as you go.If you owned eBooks previously, or if you have a source of public domain ebooks, you can convert them easily to the newest Kindle format using Calibre, an open source eBook management software. The advantage of doing this is that thy show in your regular book library, instead of showing in your documents folder.You can also link your Kindle to your public library through overdrive. This gives you a vast selection of titles to read for free.I'm really satisfied with the purchase
I just received my new Kindle Oasis 2017.I have owned the Onyx Book Lynx T68, the Nook Simple Touch with Glowlight, the Kindle 5th Generation with 5-way button, the Kindle Paperwhite and the Kindle Voyage and several off-brand e-readers.So far, I believe the Oasis is my favorite.The CONs of the Oasis:Just one - the location of the Power Button. The power button is located on the bottom edge of the device. If I rest the ereader on that edge, the device turns off. The power button should either be placed on the top, the side, or the back of the device. If they continue to place it on the bottom, then the button should be slightly recessed so that it doesn't turn off when you rest it on the table to read. Yes, it is true that I can turn the device upside down to read it, but that would put the page turn buttons on the wrong side of the ereader. It would probably be easiest for Amazon to recess the power button or put a raised bead on that edge of the device.PROs1. The screen is significantly larger than the screens of the other Kindles.2. Although the lighting seems slightly different than that of my Paperwhite and Voyage, it is perfectly lit. You can not see where the lights are located. The lighting is even. The page looks perfect.3. The device is waterproof.4. It plays Audible Audiobooks5. It is very comfortable to hold6. The Page Turn buttons are easy to find and easy to press.Finally, I prefer the design of the Kindle Voyage. If the Voyage had the larger screen and the waterproofing, that device would be perfection.However, the size and waterproofing of the Oasis makes it the only option that makes sense at this time.And the Oasis is only $50 more than the Voyage so the two ereaders are in the same price category.
I love my new Kindle Oasis. I recently upgraded from the Voyage and I'm very pleased. However I am very disappointed that there isn't a better cover available that stays on. The new Oasis is somewhat slick and can be difficult to grip at times, but this could be solved with a cover that actually stays on, unlike the only two currently available at Amazon.
I had a Paperwhite for four years so I decided to upgrade. Here are my pros and cons:I love that you the bold text feature.  It has really eased eyestrain.  This was worth the upgrade for me as I read 5 books a week.  I like the buttons for page turning.  I appreciate that you can reverse the buttons (In the settings section), which allows you to use the lower button for forward page turns.  Downloads and page turns are much quicker.The reason I only give this three stars is because the way Amazon designed the screen.  The border on one side of the screen is 1/4" and the other side is 1" wide.  If you hold this in two hands (as someone with hand or wrist issues may do) your thumb accidentally turns the page. You can't turn off the touch screen page turn. This is very frustrating.
First the good: I love the 7 screen. Its clear, and a pleasure to read on. I opted for the 8 GB model because when I use Audible I use it on my phone or tablet so thats a functionality I dont want or need. So Ive got plenty of room for books!The bad: The battery life seems to have evened out after initial indexing completed but it still isnt as good as my Voyage or Paperwhite.The case: Im not a fan. If Id had the opportunity to try  the Oasis in a store before buying, I would have passed because its awkward to hold, its oddly shaped, cold, slippery. I have small hands and arthritis and I usually read my Kindles without a cover but this one is impossible for me to hang onto. So I bought it a cover and now its heavy and does not feel like the thin device I bought. The case is a big strike against the Oasis for me.Network connectivity: Here is where this Oasis kindle really FAILS. Every other device we have (computers, iPhones, iPads, Android tablet, Kindle Fires, Kindle Paperwhites and Kindle Voyages, Nooks, Kobos, a Smart TV, Roku, Fire Stick, Apple TV, Blu-ray player) connect immediately to the WiFi in the house. Not this baby. It repeatedly says that its not the correct password (but it is) and just refuses to connect. The only way I can download books is to connect to the WiFi hotspot on my iPhone-and thats a big pain.All in all, Im pretty sure Ill be returning this and going back to my old Voyage. The beautiful 7 screen just isnt worth all the negatives.
I have had Kindles for years.  I ruled out the Oasis when it first came out because the battery seemed big and bulky.  I use my Kindle mostly at home and would charge every few weeks if not longer.  I didn't need the bigger battery.Funny that when they release a water-resistant one I buy it and it has the worst battery of any Kindle I have had.  Not even a full month and charging for it's fourth time.  Grrrrrrr.
Pluses: The screen is fantastic. Bigger than my old first gen Paperwhite, and somehow a little clearer-looking. FAST. This thing feels practically as responsive as an iPhone when tapping and swiping... there was a noticeable lag on my Paperwhite which didnt bother me before, but definitely would now if I had to switch back to it for some reason. This really feels like a quality, high-end piece of hardware. It has versions other pluses like waterproofing and audible that I have not tried, and of course all of the good things about any kindle.Minuses: I dont actually find I use the much-vaunted buttons, the asymmetry is a little weird and I havent gotten used to it. I find myself flipping the Oasis one way or the other to the side where the wide bezel is less weird... luckily the screen auto flips along with me. More significantly, the back is really cold and REALLY slippery. I never used or felt I needed a during-reading case with the Paperwhite, just a slipcase to protect it when traveling. With the Oasis, the first thing I did was order an inexpensive clamshell-back cover so I would not drop this thing and damage it... the thing felt at very high risk the second I picked it up.  The case is warmer, I am no longer terrified of dropping it, and I havent seen that metal back since. I may keep shopping for different cases though, since the current cover I am using, though protecting me from dropping it, is a bit poky in the hand. This should not be a dilemma I have to deal with!
Useless without a case (slippery and cold).  Battery life sucks compared to every other Kindle Ive owned.  This is probably due to the backlight (which needs to be turned on to make the contrast readable)Ive never gotten more than two days out of it.  Page turning is iffy.  Sometimes it works fine, other times Im having to turn it off and back on to register any touching on the screen... you might think the buttons would work better, but Id say 5% of the time the buttons dont actually work, and you end up having to press more than once.  From time to time it will randomly start flipping pages without you touching anything.  Every once in awhile when you open it, you will be in a completely different part of the book.  Im so sad I dont have my Voyage anymore.  I want to return this, but everyone elses experience makes me reluctant.  I dont want to get one thats worse.
I have been using a first-gen Kindle Paperwhite since late 2012. When I saw the original Kindle Oasis, I was intrigued. When I held it in person at an Amazon Books physical location, I was enchanted. Without the then-mandatory battery case, the device felt absolutely unreal. The size was perfect, the ergonomic design innovative, and the whole thing felt way too light to be an electronic device. It felt like the future. I wasn't, however, a fan of the flappy cover that was included. I've always been a sleeve person. I need my device to be independent of any protection while reading because I don't like flappy bits nor the added bulk of a case while using it. Since my Paperwhite was fully functional, I decided to wait a generation or two and then consider upgrading to an Oasis.And then this model came out, and I figured that after 5 years of use, it was time to retire my Paperwhite.When I handled this new Oasis for the first time, it felt like an upgrade, but also a step backwards from the original. The choice of aluminum over plastic is - if you ask me - the entirely wrong direction to go for an e-reader. I know it's the top choice of premium, high-end tablets and phones, but those devices are not supposed to feel entirely as intimate and cozy as a device purpose-built for reading books.I do not welcome the added weight of the aluminum case and hope that subsequent generations go back to the soft-touch plastic that so many Kindles have sported over the years. Another design elements that I despise here are the sharp edges where the glass meets the aluminum. For a device meant to be held in one hand for prolonged periods of time, it does an astonishingly superb job of digging into my fingers, making me change hand positions every now and again.Also, the auto-brightness thing rarely sets the brightness I want. It's hard to describe what is wrong with it. It's just poor all around. So I just turn it off. Here's to hoping it gets fixed/improved in the future.Ok, that's all the bad stuff out of the way. As you can see, I have given this Oasis 4 stars, so I clearly don't hate it. Here's all the good stuff in this review:The full-glass front that we have seen on the Kindle Voyage is back. I had mixed feelings about this initially; the finger room on one side of the screen was not enough to hold the device easily over my head while laying in bed, and it was easy to accidentally move a finger over the screen without realizing where the bezel ended. On the other hand, it looked and felt very nice. In a December 2017 software update, however, Amazon fulfilled a wish I had since 2012 (when I purchased my first touch-screen e-reader) - the option to disable the touchscreen entirely in favor of the hardware buttons until the next sleep/wake cycle. This single-handedly increased usability of the device significantly in my experience.I also love the invert colors option on this new device. It was one of the major selling points before I purchased it. It really makes the screen easier to handle in the dark (than it already was!), and I wish the setting was easier to get to. It currently lies hidded in Accessibility settings, but it would be nice to access the toggle from where the brightness slider is. I find myself toggling it very frequently based on whether I'm reading in the dark or well-lit conditions.One of the biggest highlights of my upgrade from the 2012 Paperwhite was the current-gen Kindle operating system, which I have been missing out on for years. The new typefaces are quite amazing, the homepage looks nice, the new button at the bottom that gives me an overview of the 9 pages around my current page is handy to quickly look for the chapter's end, etc etc.I took some high-res photos comparing the 2012 Kindle Paperwhite with the 2017 Kindle Oasis (some are attached here), and I find that at first glance, the screen upgrade isn't all that mind-blowing. The old Kindle still has fantastic pixel density and decent contrast. However, in everyday use, the five-year (and $100+) performance boost is phenomenal. I often blink while turning the page, miss the transition, and then spend a couple seconds checking whether the page actually turned. The ghosting artifacts before full-screen refreshes are near invisible (they were noticeable on the Paperwhite, but didn't bother me much). The higher pixel density and better glass(?) make an ever so tiny improvement in the reading experience.Overall, the upgrade from a 2012 Paperwhite is more of a luxury, treat-yo-self type of thing. It's not something I can convince everybody to indulge in, but I'm enjoying what feels very close to what a high-end e-reader *should* feel like... but Amazon, please go back to soft-touch plastic and rounded corners.
Got this for Christmas, and have mixed feelings.  The larger screen is nice, the buttons to turn pages were great, but the lump on one side made it.... strange.  I like to flop side to side as I read in bed, one way the lump and weight is low on the pillow, the other way its high and feels like I have to fight it slightly...  so it felt less ambidextrous then my paperwhites.  The sad news is the screen shattered from a 3 foot fall two weeks after I got it for Christmas.  There are no replacement screens available and Amazon cannot fix them, so I have a $250 paperweight.  I have never broken a screen on any of the previous 8 Kindles I own, even with 2 for kids.  No clue if this is bad luck or a weaker screen, but while amazon did offer a small discount on a new one, it is buyer beware for a non repairable device for some time.  I hope in 6 months to a year someone may offer replacement glass...
I like it.  Compared to my Paperwhite, it is an improvement with physical page turn buttons, a larger screen, and much more even lighting.  Page turns are faster than your eye can get to the top of the page. Nice.  The waterproofing is a great addition even if I don't plan on taking advantage of it, it is nice to not worry about it getting rained on or a drink spilled by/on it.  The drawbacks:  metal back is not textured and sometimes feels like it could slip from my hand; the backlight would be great if it could move towards a warm temperature at user discretion.  I can recommend this as an upgrade to the Paperwhite, the price premium is worth it for me with the added features: waterproofing, Audible, physical page turn buttons, better lighting, very fast page turns, bigger screen.
I have had my new Kindle Oasis for just about a week. After having read bunch of reviews prior to buying, I still decided to splurge regardless of negative reviews. I like everything about it: it is sleek, comfortable in my hand (I also bought a case to go with my Oasis); yes, Amazon could have and should have included a wall charger with it but they did not; I ended up buying one separately, no big deal; I particularly like the adjustable night light, so I can read at night in my bed just as comfortably as I do in day light. It is Audible compatible and I do see what other reviewers mean about poor battery life. One night I fell asleep listening to an audio book and next morning my Oasis had 1/3 of  the battery left  (I fully charged it before use) . But it was on the ENTIRE night! I tend to read more than I do listen, and for reading, the battery life does seem to last.  Overall, no complaints - LOVE it!
Overall happy, best kindle Ive owned. Only complaint is that I dont think the auto brightness feature works very well.
better than previous version - more font size options etc.; however, the battery does not last very long - even in standby.  certainly not the "weeks" claimed in the product information.  It lasts longest, of course, when i put it in airplane mode, which i do whenever i am reading (don't need to sync or download).
This is my 6th Kindle.  I've had the first three models, then the Paperwhite, the Voyage and now the Oasis.  There have been a lot of improvements, but they've also messed up a few things along the way.What really sold me on the new Oasis is that it's waterproof.  I've wanted to read my Kindle in the bathtub ever since the original model came out, and now I finally can!  The larger screen is a nice improvement, allowing for fewer page turns without making the device too big (remember the Kindle DX?)But the Oasis is not without it's problems.  The back of the case is smooth metal making it rather difficult to hang on to, especially when wet!  For a device with a premium price tag, I worry about dropping it.  A cover would make a big difference, but Amazon's own design was apparently so awful they've stopped selling it.  Battery life also seems to be abysmal, about half what I was getting on my 2 year old Voyage.  My Voyage could go for nearly a month on a single charge, while I'm down to 50% in under 4 days on the Oasis!While the page turn buttons are an improvement over the Paperwhite, they're a step back from the seamless PagePress buttons on the Voyage, which had them on both sides allowing me to switch hands effortlessly.Waking up the Oasis also seems to take longer than it did on the Voyage.Overall, though, the fact that it's waterproof makes it a worthwhile purchase for me.
The concept is great, but I can't give a perfect review for a few reasons. The first and biggest issue may be due to a lemon in that the charging port on mine will not allow the charger (I tried multiple chargers just in case) to firmly seat in the slot. so a slight bump and it falls out. Also, this kindle is extremely slippery, which isn't a big deal if held with two hands but I bought the Oasis so I could hold it in just one hand. Lastly, the page buttons emit a different sound from each other and don't offer a consistent tactile feedback depending on where you click them. One button actually has a very audible "click" while the other button is fairly silent. Long story short, I am debating going back to the old model for how much easier it is to hold. But I do love the screen size of this new model, I like the battery life so far, the water resistance and larger on board storage are nice as well but I haven't needed either yet.I'm giving 4 stars because had I not had the previous Oasis, I doubt i would've noticed any of these differences enough to be dissatisfied with the exception of the charger not fully inserting.
I got this as an upgrade to my older Kindle (which had served me faithfully for 5 years), which just really needed an upgrade. It's really beautiful. Not just the way it looks (which is super slick), but in how it makes the words and books look on the screen. I admittedly was a bit concerned at first about having a backlit Kindle and how that would work out in the sun, but I've had zero problems outside or inside in reading. It's clear, easy to read, and easy to customize the size of the fonts, the fonts and other settings to make it work for me. Definitely worth the money if you want a good quality reader with no other distractions that still gives top of the line quality and durability. (I've admittedly accidentally dropped it on its back from about 4 feet onto linoleum, and it survived that without any damage)
I purchased the Kindle Oasis at BestBuy after seeking to upgrade my first gen Paperwhite.  I was definitely looking for something faster, and the larger screen was a big bonus for me.  I am also a fan of the smaller bezel around the screen compared to the Paperwhite, as this is a matter of some importance to me, as silly as that may sound.  I was dubious about the large hand-hold with the page turn buttons, but it turns out I like it, and it doesn't distract from my reading.  The ability to comfortably read with one hand is nice, especially since reading posture is something I've become conscious of due to back/neck pain.  The Oasis is feather-light and well balanced.  The functionality is incredibly fast compared with my old Paperwhite, and everything moves smoothly on the screen.  The best feature is the clarity of the words on the screen - the Oasis certainly has better sharpness than any of the other Kindle models.  The only negatives for me are the battery life and the price tag.  This model is not such an upgrade over the other Kindle models that it needs to be so much more expensive.  Also, the battery wears out far faster than my old Paperwhite, but I read for hours at a time at a brightness of 10+ and wifi connected without a charging cover equipped.  The charge isn't that big a deal for me - I can read for a few days, then throw it on my cell charger to charge, and it tops off very quickly.  Overall, I am very satisfied, if not still in sticker shock over the exorbitant price.
So far I really like this e-reader. I saw the new Oasis introduced on a technology show and it piqued my interest: 7" screen, waterproof, good contrast, resolution, and 'paper-white' lighting of the e-ink screen. My only hesitation was the price point. I bought the top-of-the line anyway and it did not disappoint. I previously owned a Kindle DX. The DX seems like a monstrosity next to the Oasis. I find the Oasis very easy to read; It's easy on the eyes, easy to hold, simple to use. I like the options to use touch screen or page turn buttons. I can't comment on the battery life because I haven't had the device long enough. I haven't tried audiobooks with the Oasis yet because I don't own bluetooth headphones or speakers, but i am sure they sound just like... audiobooks! I also don't have a case for it. After holding the device in my hand, I'm not sure I want to use a case. The form factor suits itself well for one handed use without obstructing the display. I am very pleased with this purchase.
This is by far the best of the Kindle e-readers so far.  The lighting is better than the pervious Oasis giving the text a sharp crisp appearance.  It is a little larger than the last Oasis but I like the size.  The last one was almost too small.  So far I am very pleased that I did upgrade to this version.
So this is my first eReader, take this review with a grain of salt.I love it. It is so much lighter than a book. I always felt guilty when I had to pull a book apart at the binding to read the words so close to the inside binding. Don't need to do that with an eReader. So far I've only been reading, not listening. I thought I'd attach some airBuds to the Oasis (a process that took far too long). It finally worked though I have not listened to anything yet.So getting a book is incredibly easy, opening a book is effortless, even opens right to the spot you left off. No need for making sure that a book mark gets put in correctly, or a page corner gets folded in. it just works. I have grown accustomed to touching the left or right side to change pages. Seems easier than hitting the buttons. I have grown to like the dictionary feature. Hold a finger on a word you aren't sure of the meaning and up pops a dictionary (most of the time), touch anywhere else and the pop up goes away. Very nice. It's fast, responsive to the touch, the screen is easy to read, adjust the font size, brightness. The brightness changes with ambient light, very nice.I find the ergonomics great. I do not have experience with any other eReader but it really balances well with nearly all the weight on the side with the button (I hold that side on my right). So one handed in the lower right corner holds it very easy. I do have fairly large hands so cradling the device so the whole bottom fits across my palm also works nicely. Again, it just works.I linked my GoodReads account, effortless, Not sure how it all updates. I believe you have some ability to customize what you want to update. It also connects to FaceBook and Twitter, haven't used those. The GoodReads interaction works well.The big question, is it worth the lofty price? That is something you have to answer. You know the cost, it is a great device, I've decided in the affirmative, you have to decide for yourself.
This is nice and lightweight for reading..but really pricey..not sure why I paid all that money for a lighter reader..?
I never found time to read. In fact, as a high school senior, I mainly only read books that were assigned in English, and even then, I usually Sparknoted them. Going to the library was too much of a hassle, and individually buying paperbacks and remembering to take them everywhere didn't seem realistic to me. One day, I suddenly had the urge to buy a Kindle. Call it an impulse buy, if you wish. I was torn between the Oasis and the Paperwhite. The Oasis broke my bank account a bit, but I felt reassured knowing that dropping my Kindle into the pool or other mishaps involving liquids won't obliterate my ereader. A few weeks have elapsed since my purchase, and this thing has completely changed my habits. I finished The Handmaid's Tale, and I'm currently on Atlas Shrugged. Being able to conveniently take all the books I'm currently reading anywhere I please makes the Kindle experience much better than traditional paperbacks. In addition, it doesn't feel like I'm reading on an electronic device that much. It's light, it feels good, and the glare-free e-ink display makes text POP. It's great. I'm in love.If you're still on the fence, just do it: go for the Kindle.
this ereader has a serious design flaw. I wonder if a prototype of item is used for catching such flaws. the reading portion on the left is typical of other readers except it is very thin with hardly any bezel making it hard to hold without your finger being on the reading portion of the device. the right hand side of device is much thicker, about the size of older smartphones, with the two page turn buttons. this makes it hard to keep level and feels uncomfortable to hold. it has no balance. the page turn buttons do not work well either. one push to advance to the next page frequently results in advancing 3 or 4 pages so you have to go pack page by page to find the last page read. I could live with that as my previous paperwhite reader also would do that. I really wanted it for the page turn buttons. perhaps it would be more comfortable with a uniform thickness, albeit heavier. it is an expensive device and, I think, warrants a little "tweaking". one will be going back.
I was so excited about getting one of these. I'm a super avid reader, and was looking for something made more for that. I've found that other kindles couldn't quite keep up with my and vastly slowed down or began malfunctioning around the 2 year mark. Mind you I treated them like one of my children. Anyways, after reading the reviews and all the tech articles I decided to go for it. Everyone said the same thing: if you're a voracious reader, then this is for you. Well I like it, but I don't love it. The extra weight is very noticeable. Especially when reading for long periods of time, it is easier to have it proper against something than holding it aloft. The screen has a lot more glare than the other kindles and the thing that bothers me the most is the obvious spaciap distance between the screen and the words. It's like reading in a box which is a little weird.On the positive side, I love how quick and responsive it is to falling my direction. It flips easily if I decide to change my grip. I do wish that it also flipped horizontal which it doesn't. Vertical only. I also love that it has the change page buttons which you can customize to do what you wish. So yes, I like it. Do I love it? No.
I have had three previous Kindles.  This particular one is my favorite because it is a lot lighter, easier to hold and I like the wider dimension of the screen.  The buttons to turn the pages are preferable to me.  I love my new Kindle.  I hesitated to order it, given the expense.  I have a chronic disease that makes reading a hard cover book very difficult.  Kindle has enabled me to continue reading with much less trouble and exhaustion.  I did get a cover for it, and do like having a cover on the Kindle.
This is my 5th kindle, with my last one being the Voyage. The Oasis 2 is exactly as Amazon described it to be, a top of the line dedicated e-reader.  This is meant for reading enthusiasts!! If you are not a bookworm, I'm not sure this Kindle is the right one for you as one of the cheaper models will probably do the trick for you.My experience with the Oasis 2 has been nothing but superb. The Kindle itself is stunning; gorgeous and even lighting, sharp and crisp text, fast speed, and the 7" screen is exactly what I've been hoping for. It amazes me how much difference an inch in size makes!Some of the negative reviews have mentioned things such as sharp edges and uneven lighting which has NOT been my experience. I guess I am one of the lucky ones, as mine is perfect.If you are new to the e-reader world, you may want to do your research first. This is not for checking email or surfing online, as some reviewers have marked it down for. It is not meant to be. It is purely for those of us who are reading enthusiasts. I was more than happy to pay this price for a luxury e-reader.
Beautiful and elegant, Amazon has hit a home run with the Oasis 2.  The wonderful 7" display with its outstanding and flawless lighting is perfect.  This is my first Oasis and I was unsure what to expect with its design.  The ability to comfortably hold the device in either hand is fantastic.  The build quality is superb and the design is elegant and functional, right down to the beautiful gun-metal gray aluminum back and its shape.  It is truly a joy to read with!  That said, I still love my Voyages (x2) and their haptic page press.Highly recommended!
1/7/2018 Got my device and everything was fine for the first month and then it had battery charging issues and stopped working.  Got a replacement from Amazon and the replacement device was also defective and would not charge.  At this point I no longer wanted another replacement but Amazon refused to offer a refund.  Extremely upset at the quality issues with this device and at how the customer service was handled.  I would not recommend this model due to those quality control issues.1/21/2018 Update: The day after I wrote this review technical support reached out to me. I explained how I received two defective devices in a short period of time. They agreed to give me a refund instead of sending a replacement device. I have given this review another star for the helpfulness of technical support. However, until they fix their quality control issues with this model, I cannot recommend this device.
As an E-reader, it does a phenomenal job. Solid heft, well-made. My only advice is not to use it without an overall case (which greatly improves its grip) and a screen protector (which is just common sense with any touch-screen device). I don't know why the bulge along the backside is so off-putting to people... It doesn't bother me a bit.My only other 'gripe,' such as it is, would be that the screen backlight could be a little brighter in a dark room (and that's probably adjustable... I've just not found the option for it as yet).As far as loading Ebooks other than Amazon-supplied, no problem. Not only does the unit handle .mobi format, the free software from Calibre can easily convert most formats into something the Kindle can work with.Pricey? A bit. But, as is so often true, 'You Gets What You Pays For.'
I love the new Oasis! It is replacing a 1st generation Paperwhite for me, and so far, I am thrilled. I had ordered the original Oasis, but I was having trouble with the connection to the battery case. I returned it, and I have been waiting for an updated Oasis.The new screen is beautiful, and the system is very zippy. I LOVE the fact that you can adjust the boldness of the font. I am very happy.The only concern I have is if I don't use the Amazon case, the metal back is slippery, and I am afraid it will slip out of my hands.
I have had most models of the Kindle from the very first version!  I thought nothing could compare with my Paperwhite. But I love the ergonomic feel of this Oasis! When reading, I take it out of the protective case I purchased  so I can use the groove on the back for easier holding. I love how this one provides the option of using page turn buttons along with the options of swiping or tapping the page to progress.  Also love how it uses Audible books! I had never gotten into Audible, as I truly prefer reading.  However, I am enjoying using it for celebrity memoirs when the celebrity reads their own book to you! Oasis has not disappointed.
I was very disappointed that I was not able to connect it to my old kindle fire to transfer already purchased books.  I really wanted this kindle because I could read while I was in the pool.  Unfortunately Amazon chat toldMe they forced the connection but I still did not have my books in the oasis.  It was a birthday gift so I ended up returning it.  
I like the Oasis quite a bit, it was smaller than expected, and a little difficult to leave a book I was sampling. This one, you must fast-forward to the end of the book, then, press the screen (at the appropriate space) to find the only way out. I have had other electronic devices (computers, phones, Tablets), so I know my way around them, and used that to do so here. It is pretty intuitive. Instructions at the top of the screen. B&W; screen and 2 buttons to work with, top to page forward and bottom to page back. Swipe up from bottom to shrink the page smaller and advance quickly, then tap that to read from there. It's waterproof, but don't read underwater! I found at least one book immediately I wanted to read and got it from Goodreads. You can get samples, too. They say the battery lasts weeks, and that's reading for a short time daily. I've only had it 2 days, and haven't charged it twice. I think it's pretty good, but haven't had a paperwhite to compare it to. Note the screen is lit, but isn't bright. Good one, Kindle!
The screen size is just right, and the device is light and very portable, with little to no glare and an evenly lit screen. I like the page-turn buttons very much, and think they're more intuitive switched, going forward with the bottom button and back with the top. The touch screen is also good, though it's easy to accidentally go forward many pages with a too firm touch or misplaced palm on the thin side. You can't rotate the screen to read landscape as you can on a tablet, though I don't miss that feature at all.I love the popup box for index entries and endnotes. Most of the time, I prefer to read with the white/black screen inverted, especially in low light. White on black text may be more readable for people with vision problems. Images are displayed as negatives in this mode. The black is a dark gray, with much less contrast than on a Fire tablet or my iPad. It's convenient and easy to purchase Kindle books from the device. I use airplane mode most of the time to extend battery life, which has been about two days, not weeks, so better than a tablet and tolerable, if not as good as expected. It recharges very fast with the quick charger, which, I think, should come with the Oasis, as well as the charging cable. I already had a charger, bought for my old Fire HD, so didn't need to buy a new one.I purchased the deluxe leather cover in Merlot, a deep brownish red. The suede is easy to hold, but shows little scuff marks from handling and quickly looks comfortably worn and dull. I would have preferred a pebble finish to suede and might opt for the waterproof cover if this one wear out. The cover is held on magnetically, so it can fall or fly off occasionally. It's cleverly designed to fit over the thin parts of the device, keeping a slim profile, but leaving the thick business end unprotected. However, the device is so small, it will fit in almost any handbag or pack and stay safe. On the whole, I love the new Oasis. It's not completely perfect but close enough for 5 stars (since I can't give it a 4.5) and I would purchase it again.
This is truly a first class ticket to Amazon's Library, plus the Audible Library. Since Amazon has made this Kindle where you can listen via blue tooth this Kindle is the best of both worlds. The increased display is an extra nice with the beautiful display that can light up is really easy on my eyes, love the fact I can make the text larger. Now I had the older Kindle Oasis and it was good but this Kindly is definitely superior than the older version.I have a pretty good library and have been able to read for all day, (5 to 6 hours) without having to charge the battery, and charging is pretty quick. I'll add to my review as time goes on but for now this is a fabulous upgrade from the last Oasis. Thank you for reading my review.
This device is a beauty. Maybe over time it'll be five stars for me, but right now it's a 4 or 4.5 star device. Look, the 2017 Oasis is a sexy device. The aluminum is cool to the touch, the hardware buttons are extremely responsive, and being waterproof, while I don't care, is definitely a good thing. Also, this device is FAST. It screams. Every button press, tap on the screen, or swipe, responds immediately. The other things that people may care about (i.e. Audible support, larger screen) are nice additions too. However....I'm coming from a Kindle Voyage. I didn't NEED the new Oasis, I was just lusting after the newer device. The Voyage is as perfect an e-reader as I've ever used, so the 2017 Oasis had a lot to live up to. As of right now, I'll probably be shipping this Oasis back. I'm really, really trying, but these are some nagging things I'm trying to get over.- The Voyage is simply more comfortable to hold. The rubber back is easier to hold than the slick aluminum.- The Voyage's screen is whiter (at least to me) than the Oasis. When reading, I need to bump the brightness on the Oasis much more to get it closer to what I'm used to on the Voyage.- I switch hands often while reading. The Voyage is nice because I can use the PagePress buttons on either side. The Oasis, I have to flip the device.- The Voyage, I can throw in my back pocket easierLook, the new Oasis is absolutely amazing. It's incredible. I'm having a tough time justifying it as I find it to be a marginal update over the Voyage to me. If Amazon is listening, please update the Voyage. Although, it's darn near perfect as it is.Happy reading everyone! Exciting to have so many great devices to choose from.
The device is wonderful to hold and to read with.  It has a very nice screen with excellent contract and clarity.  The lighting on this device (at least mine) is very even.  The response to page turns etc. is also just a pleasure.  Two things could improve this device greatly.  The first is related to the device and the second to the Kindle ecosystem.1.  They claim 6 weeks of battery life... that is totally untrue.  With wifi on I need to charge each week.  If I keep it in airplane mode I can get two weeks of life out of it.  I only get to read about an hour a day average.2.  Why won't Amazon open the device to allow the cover of the book you are reading to be the screensaver???
What a difference an inch makes (Go ahead, finish with your own punchline, Ill wait...)!Seriously though, the bigger screen makes a world of difference and its a real beauty. I usually hold it with two hands, which sounds not so ideal, but is really not a problem. Its a pleasure to hold. My only suggestion for an improvement would be some sort of a matte finish along the black border. Its fairly slippery as is.And the aluminum case is is nice, plush touch.The waterproofing is just icing on the cake. I havent tried the Audible feature yet, but I like that its there.  LOVE this thing.
I have received a Kindle as a gift from my husband each and every time a new one is released so I have a lot of experience with past Kindles to base this review  This one is my absolute favorite so far! I love the larger screen and the very even lighting on back-lit screen. It isnt heavy either. I like the fact that it is waterproof too, however, I have never had an issue with my previous Kindles getting wet. The Amazon leather covers are always top-notch and this one did not disappoint. Kindles can be pricey but they really offer the reader the best reading experience out there. Lifes too short, go ahead and get one today!
It's a great device, just like all the other kindles. But, yes, I have to say that I am bias to this product for the fact that I have all the kindles. But the screen is definitely much more appealing with this new size, and I like the fact that it's thin and the screen flush all the way through. The buttons are crisp and clicky too. The lighting seems to be even throughout the whole of the screen. And... of course, the quality of reading is just as simple and same as the other kindles. The reading will never change, but what you are paying for is the larger screen, the metal build, and the Bluetooth. If your kindle is fine and you don't read much, than don't go out and waste your hard earned money, but if you are a hardcore reader and want the best that a reader can have, this is the only device you will ever need... well, until they come out with something better and thinner!
The larger display on this Kindle is wonderful.  The finish of the case -- eh, not so wonderful.  In particular the edges of the case where the aluminum mates with the display itself is uncomfortably sharp -- to the point I think you could cut yourself if you were holding the Kindle firmly and somebody pulled it from your hand.  As it is, it's somewhat uncomfortable to hold, especially because this unit is distinctly heavier than the original Oasis.  The manufacturing process really needs to add a fillet to that edge of the case.Battery life is fantastic so far, especially when compared to the original Oasis when not attached to the battery case.
The new Oasis 2  hits most of the desired points many readers have been requesting - screen size and clarity, battery in the unit rather than dependent on a cover, waterproofing, audiobook capability, etc. However, my new Oasis is very uncomfortable to hold because of its raised sharp edges so I have to hold it a different way and it is tiring. I did not have this issue with my Oasis 1 which felt fantastic in my hand. The other disappointment is the battery life. I wish Amazon would quit pushing the "long" battery life as it raises expectations it can't fullfill. I decided to keep the Oasis 2 mainly because of the audiobook capability.
A very good reader except for the poor battery life (about 13 hours) and the INVERT feature. When the background is black and the text is white, it is impossible to read the text because it is too dim and blends into the black background.  I have not heard of or found a wyy to improve that.
I have owned a Amazon Kindle since version 3 and the ninth generation of Kendall culminating with the oasis two is totally awesome. I consider this the best reading device of all time. Because it offers the ability for listening to audiobooks as well is reading normal books on the screen and has a larger screen to boot. I also consider the the waterproof feature to be an added blessing considering that the Amazon Kindle is normally rugged when in use and now I do not have to worry about being near water. This is especially a blessing for me since I am a handicap person and I appreciate the extra functionality of being waterproof system unable to move fast if I drop it in water or near water.I also appreciate the larger storage capacity. I do understand that this is for the audiobooks but consider this I bought the 32 GB version which special offers which means that I probably could store on my Kindle about 40,000 books it's probably more than that. That's probably more books than it an average city library! I have suggested could you offer covers that are protective and also that you could personalize by putting your own name on it?
I have owned 3 earlier generations of Kindle E-readers and each has been an improvement on the previous in my experience.  The Oasis is not an exception.  I am pleased with the page turn buttons and also that the ability to use touch screen is still available.  The screen lighting is perfect and the size of the screen makes the reader seem more book-like.  The only negative comment I have is that the battery life suffers as compared to the Paperwhite and Voyage using the same conditions of usage, lighting levels, wifi on or off, etc.  I can live with this, I just need to be mindful and remember to charge more frequently than I had been used to.
I love it! The larger screen is really comfortable for reading, and the battery being in the reader is important to me. I didn't buy the previous Oasis because the battery was in the cover. Here, I have the full charge in the reader itself, which means I can discard the cover if I want to; and I do want to. Without the cover, the reader fits extremely comfortably into one hand, and the page-turn buttons are easily reachable with the thumb holding the reader. When one hand gets tired, just switch to the other: the screen immediately turns with you. One of my favorite features is the inverted black and white, which is in the accessibility section. I like to use it in bed at night so I can read without waking my wife. My favorite Kindle yet, and I've had most of them. Can't imagine how Amazon will improve on this one, but they always seem to manage.And I forgot to mention that it's waterproof, which means reading in the tub with no worries! The good life!
A BIG improvement over the disaster that was the Fire.This Kindle does just what I want it to do: let me read books without interference. The fire always lost its place, or did close the book. Finding books was a real pain and the unit was too heavy. This new Kindle is light, thin and easy to hold when reading in bed. Also very simple when traveling. The cover I purchased with the Kindle, turns the unit on when I open it (to the right page, this time). Fonts and size and light intensity are very easy to find, and this Kindle does not run out of power every other day, like the Fire did.All in all, a great purchase!
I am a fan, pure and simple. I love everything about the new Oasis. I love the bigger size which means fewer page turns and makes the whole thing seem closer to a real Book experience. I love the shape of it, holding it feels natural and it fits in my hand very well. I love the metal case, it just gives it a more expensive feel to me. I love the smooth, flat feel of the buttons and the rotating screen which allows me to switch from hand to hand. I have had every Kindle model from Day 1 and Ive loved each of them but for me the Kindle Oasis 7 is just the icing on the big luscious cake that is Kindle.
I have always embraced the newest Kindle... my latest was the Voyage... I was not interested in the first Oasis model, I can't say exactly why but I guess it did just not move me. Today I got the new Oasis... I LOVE it... there is no reason to say exactly why as so many reviewers have done so already. Once it was in my hands with my own content loaded and my preferences set...  It is clearly the best Kindle yet, same thing that I felt when I got the paper white and when I got the Voyage... and... of course... Amazon delivered it four days earlier than they promised.
I like this kindle. My fav over the paperwhite. Has a clearer image, more backlight settings, light, love the page turning buttins, and etc. But having to switch it to airplane mode in order for the battery to last is a nuisance. I forget I'm in airplane mode amd want to look up a book in the kindle store, have yo turn airplain mode off and proceed. It's not bad, but if they'd fix battery life it'd be a perfect device.
I am very disappointed in the Oasis.  All the promises of this being superior are not true.  The promise of it holding a charge longer, not true.  My paperwhite holds a charge much longer.  I find myself having to charge the Oasis every few days, where my paperwhite I charged once every 10 days or so.  The screen is way too sensitive and changes pages when you are touching the frame.  The magnetic case does not stay in place well and I find it separated from the Oasis in my briefcase and hand bag regularly and it doesn't protect the Oasis if it separates itself from the unit when it falls down or when you pick it up.  This is a waste of money.  If you have a paperwhite, stick with it.
This is a great improvement size wise over the first oasis. But I like be them both so Im keeping my first oasis. Oasis 1 is perfect for me to use in ged because its very lite even with its cover on. Oasis 2 is bigger and heavier, but feels perfect for reading other times. I tried the audible and Bluetooth and it works fantastic. And finally, oasis 2 is cheaper. Love that.
I like the clarity of the screen, however, the battery life does not live up to the hype.  If Amazon is talking about how long the battery will hold a charge when not in use, that is one thing.  However, the indication was that I could actually use the device for weeks without recharging it.  That may be impossible with the current technology and, if so, I would prefer that Amazon make it clear as to how long the battery will hold a charge when in use as opposed to when it is not.  I have found that if I read all day long, the battery will be almost out by the end of the day.  If I had known this I likely would have just stayed with my old Oasis.
I have owned every e-ink Kindle since the Kindle 2, and I  do love to read on them, but for the cost of the new Oasis it should be perfect, but it is not. The backlight is better than the Voyage, it doesn't have splotchy colored look at least, but the light fades noticeably from one side to the other. I was looking forward to using the Audible book feature but doing so wats the battery so quickly that it's best for me to just continue using my Fire tablet for Audible books. Also , the Oasis Audible app lacks the automatic stop at the end of the chapter feature that i use a lot on the tablet. Another feature that I use on the tablet is text to speech reading. Although you can force the Oasis to read to you text to speech style by using the voice accessibility feature it is not easy to do and is not easy to get atarted .  I have been wanting a larger e-ink Kindle for sometime but I was thinking at least eight inches. The seven inch screen is barely noticeably different than the original six inches. I really wanted to love this new Oasis but I removed one star for the high price and another for the uneven backlight and lack of true text to speech capabilities.
The size of the Kindle is nice and the buttons to page is very nice. Having a waterproof device is extremely good to have although I did not get a chance to try it out. The biggest issue is that the battery life is about 3 days. This is definitely against the advertisement that Amazon puts out. I ended up returning the device and going back to be paper white Kindle. The price of the Oasis is outrageous for what you are getting and that needs to be addressed as well.
Like any device on the market, to get better battery life, I turned off Wifi, and any additional benefits in the settings and made the screen black with white lettering. Naturally I will turn these options on when needed and back off when not,  but I am not gonna bash the Oasis battery life like so many have. I like the fact I can turn the light level off and use the black background while reading. You can get decent battery life out of the Oasis if you conserve, but not if you turn all options on and WiFi. I also have downloaded PDF books into the Oasis. Not a bad reading device, but I think Amazon severely overpriced it for what you get.
I tried posting to the forum but it says there is a restriction.  So here it is.  I get only six hours of reading on a charge.  This is my 5th or 6th Kingle and all have been flawless.  I am not in the US so sending it back is not an option.  It is one week old.
i received the oasis as a christmas gift, i own 2 more paperwhites and i have to say as much as i love the oasis screen and buttons the battery life is horrible. i hadnt really used until this past week and i found my self having to charge it every 2 days, my paperwhites lasted for a week if not more! im disappointed, if i could return and purchase the vogage i would
This is the most superb eReader I've ever used and I collect them as a hobby.  The new screen -- with its high resolution and %400 more illumination than the paperwhite -- is a beautiful thing to behold.The ~ %25 increase in surface area 6"-->7" makes it more practical to enlarge the font to a comfortable size.  Also, the devoted physical buttons that can be used to turn the page make it so much more comfortable to use for long periods of time.This device feels like heaven in your hands.  It is really something very special.  I love the Fire tablets, but when it comes to reading in bed (not at a desk) there is no device that can compete with the Oasis.  I read for 12 hours yesterday in total comfort -- both my hands and my eyes.I've heard the Oasis described as suitable only for the top "one percent".  I could not disagree more vehemently.  The quality has gone way up, and the price has come down such that these two have now converged.  This is THE eReader that EVERYONE should have.And to top it all off, the Amazon customer service is second to none.It is Xmas time.  Forget about everyone else -- go buy yourself an Oasis and you will NOT regret it!
My husband purchased this e-reader for me for Valentine's Day in place of chocolate (my request). It replaces my first Kindle Paperwhite, which was great, but it lacked lighting.  Now I can read at night in the dark. I love how the screen is lit well enough to read, but very dimly so as not to be too stimulating on the eyes right before sleeping. I had been reading on my Samsung Galaxy Tab at night before this, but would find that even on the dimmest setting it was too bright. I would close my eyes to go to sleep and still see a ghost like screen in my eyelids. Probably not good. This does not happen with my new Oasis.  So far very happy. Also, I like the bumped out portion on one side....it gives me something to hold on to. To go with this I purchased a cover here on Amazon....I believe the brand is Moto???? It has Van Gogh's starry night on it. Beautiful and a perfect fit.
I like the size and feel, and the capacity of the new Oasis. I need to have access to a library of technical books and this version accommodates it. I like the new 7" size as well, and the lightness. I will still use my Paperwhite 2, but this version will be my main reader.When I first received it, it felt very slippery to the touch. It got a little better after I handled it a bit, but was still hard to hold. I fixed that issue by wrapping the exposed metal, front and back, with black fabric like athletic tape (2" Spartan tape sold here as well.) It was somewhat difficult to do that but once carefully done, it is much easier to hold. It is now an ideal reader for me.
With the advent of the e-reader, I have been reading more and more, but the Oasis 2017, is by far, is my favorite e-reader. I've had the Nook touch (the first Nook to come out), the Nook tablet that came out around 2009 or so, the first Kindle and 2nd Gen Kindle. Recently, I purchased the 6" kindle (no back light) and I really like that one. Issue was reading at night.The Oasis 2017 fits perfect in the hand, no back light during the day or in aqueduct light and perfect back light when reading at night. I got an iPad Mini 4 for regular use but also for reading due to the back light for night time reading. Since I got the Oasis 2017, my iPad Mini 4 started falling by the waist side. I've started using the iPad Mini for productivity and games.I hold readers with my left hand and I wasn't sure if this was geared towards right handed folks, but the screen rotates when switching between hands. Genius on Amazon's part.I highly recommend the Oasis 2017 to avid readers. Not for kids.
I have a Paperwhite I've been using, which is a GREAT little reader, HOWEVER, my eyesight isn't what it was when I was 18...so I need to alter the font, which usually means making it a bit bigger, which leads to more page turns, etc.The Oasis, with the larger screen is great for this, PLUS the page turn buttons, which I thought I wouldn't use are a really nice addition. Now I can read one handed without having to bring in my other hand for tapping or swiping the page. The reader can be flipped over to use left or right handed, because the text will automatically rotate to match.I have no intention on trying out the waterproofing.  TONS of space on the 32GB model that I may never use, but definitely appreciate. The aluminum frame feels very sturdy, while being lightweight. Edges are all well finished, no sharp edges.
Really like the larger size for reading and the ability to listen to Audible Books on it as well.  My wife prefers the 5 due to the lighter weight.Only problem Ive had so far is sometimes the Bluetooth doesnt want to re-connect.  It pairs fine and connects the first time, but sometimes when changing from a Kindle Book to an Audible Book the Bluetooth wont reconnect.  Solutions seems to be to re-boot the Oasis, but that can take up to 1 1/2 minutes.  Hope its a software problem that will be fixed and not a hardware problem
I love this e-reader! It does it all! I have read a lot about TTS issues. This kindle has voice view which is basically the same thing. You just access it different. It is very simple! It doesn't say "quote" etc when it reads to you either! See video. I know a lot of people are avoiding purchasing this kindle because lack of TTS (which it does just under voice view)! I have the original kindle keyboard, kindle DX, kindle fire, and paperwhite. I was using DX for TTS on the road (audio jack doesn't work very good it is intermittent ) DX doesn't fit in purse. Paperwhite for night reading. Kindle fire I gave to kid as I didn't enjoy reading experience. Kindle keyboard I gave to kids (loved it but used DX more). NOW I ONLY NEED ONE DEVICE!!!!
32GB, Wifi + 3G/4G, No Special Offers:  The screen is excellent, but the overall device is disappointing.  -- Most sadly, the battery life, promised to be many times stronger, is much inferior to my Paperwhite.  I don't get more than 2-3 days out of it.  (It might improve under airplane mode, but that would deactivate the Dictionary, Wikipedia and Translation lookups.)  -- The case, as others have noted, is quite slippery.  It's almost impossible to find a surface on which it will remain secure.  -- The one-handed page-turn buttons are well thought out.  A user can change hands on the fly, and can control which button pages forward and which button pages back.  But it's too easy while using the buttons to trigger accidental page turns by touching the edge of the screen.  The device could negate that distraction by allowing the user to toggle the screen-based page turning on or off.  -- The promotional info suggests one can use the device in wet environments, but the on-board User Guide encourages quick draining and drying if it gets wet.  That will, at the very least, leave me on edge around moisture.
Excellent reader. On-screen controls are very similar to all the prior Kindles. The lighting is very nicely balanced. No dark or bright spots. Resolution is fantastic. Easy to adjust fonts/brightness, etc.Size of the screen is "just right", not too small and not too big. However, the wider edge with the two buttons is a bit too big. I think if it was half a centimeter narrower, the form factor as a whole would have been better.I have a cover on the device which makes it minimally heavier, but a lot easier to handle. Also, without the cover turning the Kindle on and off was a bit of a pain as the little on/off button was( is) not very responsive. With the cover,  the kindle comes on when I open the cover and goes to sleep when I close it.I am also not a big fan of the bi-level back, but it is not a major drawback. I just prefer a flat back.I am still not crazy about the navigation as a whole, seems slow and "clunky" if one is use to using smartphones or other smart pads, but otherwise perfectly functional.Overall, another great reader, though I think the price is a bit too high...
This is mostly great! I love that I can hold this in either hand and turn pages easily. The waterproof aspect definitely gives me peace of mind as I read at the beach/pool a lot.Couple of things I don't love: first of all, the size. It's just a tiiiiny bit too large for me to hold this 100% comfortably in one hand and turn pages. I mean I can, but I have to stretch a bit. I think if you're a guy or have larger hands, it shouldn't be a problem. But those of us with short fingers, it might be a little bit of a struggle. I also still miss the old rectangular shape. I'm just not digging the square shape, it loooks/feels a little awkward but not a dealbreaker.Secondly, this is a little unfair to review in the kindle review, but don't buy the amazon case. Usually I love amazon cases but I've been really disappointed with these magnetic cases, it's constantly sliding off. I've upgraded to a MoKo case, which is exactly what the amazon case should've been.
My husband is an avid paperback book reader. I was worried he would think the size of the Oasis would be too large..but he LOVES the thing. The text is crisp and clear, the larger side is perfect for him to hold and not interfere with the screen. and...it's waterproof. HURRAH! I purchased a case for it right away because of some reviews that said the aluminum back was slippery and also for protection of the screen. the back is NOT slippery, in my view...but a case is a good purchase just for the protection.
I love my new Kindle Oasis 7". I have a Nook, and now a Kindle which means I can share books I've already read with my husband, and still read what I have downloaded on my Kindle. It's back lit and is very light weight.The charge lasts weeks not hours, oh Yippee! I like epic books, so light weight is great for my wrists.  With a couple hundred books on the nook, my husband will be very busy, which leaves me in peace to read by myself. LOL!
THE GOOD:The new Oasis is solid and feels good in the hand. The screen is well lit and the lighting is uniform. Text is easy to read. This Kindle (on the one occasion I tried it) can sync collections as well as books. My first generation Oasis would not restore collections when the device was reset.THE BAD:  Unfortunately, it's not only the screen and buttons that change pages. Simply holding the body of the case and inadvertently moving a thumb or finger can cause the Oasis to move ahead or back many pages. The entire case is touch sensitive, and I'm always losing my place. This is my fourth Kindle and the battery life is terrible. I read a good deal in the evening and I have yet to have the battery last more than a day or three. Battery life is better than a tablet but but not by as much as I've come to expect from Kindle. My first Kindle had excellent battery life (a month). My Paperwhite good (weeks). My first Oasis (even with its battery containing case) was fair (days to a week). The new Oasis is poor (two to three days at most).A significant failure in the software (reported but not yet corrected) involves book visibility. Any purchased book that is not in a collection is invisible on the new Kindle. My Kindle Oasis (version 1) showed all books outside of a collection at the end of the collection list. This latest Kindle Oasis does not do this. If a book is not in a collection it's invisible. This is a big problem if you purchase more than three books at once. The front page only shows the most recently used three books and then it's gone. You can go to your Contents page on Amazon to place books in collections (looking in the right-hand margin for "orphaned" books), but you can't do this on the Kindle itself. This should have been fixed in the first software upgrade.SUMMARY: I did not return this Oasis and I can make it work or me. I am, however, disappointed in it overall. My first Kindle was amazing and I never had a complaint. While this device has feels solid and has a nice design but it very rough around the edges.
Enjoying this so far, obviously a huge upgrade from my really old keyboard version Kindle! Backlight is great when lying in bed, which is where I use this the most. The weight and balance is good for holding with one hand whilst lying down. My only complaint is that the case is slick so when I hold it in one hand it tends to slip unless I support with my pinky. My old Kindle was more grippy with its rubberized case material. It would be great if the finish were more textured or at least have a textured strip. I bought a basic case for it which is more textured but this increases the weight and the flap is a pain to deal with so I took it off. I will use a cover when traveling to protect her but otherwise I am looking at just applying some tape to create a grip on the back. Still, very nice reader.
I do like this Kindle. It feels nice in my hand, looks sharp, and the screen switching is awesome. The battery life is horrible though. It was claimed that it could go weeks without a charge. Do they mean weeks of it NOT being used before you have to charge it? Im a super reader. I read at least 3 hours a day. I have to charge it every few days. Thats not a great battery life. My 2 year old Paperwhite kindle stayed charged for longer. Id give this kindle 5 stars if I could at least go 5 days before charging. Overall, I dont know if Id have bought this one knowing what I know now. Kind of disappointing.
I did not use the Oasis more then a week.  It is much larger than I anticipated.  It adds nothing of value to the reading experience for me.  The waterproofing also is of no value to me.  I purchased my Oasis with one of the offered covers and found it did not work well.  ie, the cover kept falling off and did not seem to secure the Oasis E-reader very well.  It is now sitting in my desk drawer and I have gone make to my PaperWhite which I have used and loved for a long time.  If you  sit on a beach or around a pool reading this new E-reader may be of some value to you but for me it is an unnecessary addition to the Kindle family.
I had and returned the original Oasis because of the short batttery life.  The new one seems to be better but not that much.  I do like the larger screen.  Slippery?  Not in my hand.  Heavy?  Not lighter than the first which was a WOW but not heavier than the paperwhite.  Running water will activate the screen so splashes may also.  It won't be good in the shower I'd guess.  The price is the biggest drawback for me.  Tried the audible feature and appreciate it so I'll keep this Oasis.  The screen and its size work for me.
I am really liking this.  The 7" makes it feel and look like a real book. Audiobooks work great. It was slow to pair up tho. Had to try several times. Other than that  it is a geat device
I love my new Kindle. It is perfect for me. My eyes are not what they used to be and the larger screen size enables me to have more words on the page, even at a larger font. This has been a wish of mine for a long time. Also I love the sleek smooth feel of the metal backing. I do most of my reading in bed and enjoy being able to easily remove the cover and hold this kindle with one hand. At first lift the lightness was amazing, quite surprising after my 4th generation Paperwhite. I also enjoy the ease of being able to change pages with the buttons with one hand. Yes, they do make a clicking sound which while I dont notice it was mentioned on one occasion by my husband. I usually wait until hes asleep and then click away. Of course the pages can be turned by touch as well. I even purchase the leather cover and mine is perfect for me. The magnets hold well and yet are easy to detach for reading without the cover. I used a sleeve for my Paperwhite and if there was one available that would fit the Oasis 2 I probably would have purchased it due to the poor reviews for the leather cover. Luckily my cover was discounted and works well for my purposes. Obviously, it doesnt provide protection for drops and may not suit the needs of travelers and others.Cons: The battery life is not the same as the Paperwhite, at least in my device. Perhaps there is something I can do to improve this. Currently it only lasts about 15 to 20 hours while my Paperwhite was perhaps twice that much. I charge all of my other devices daily so for me this isnt that big of a deal. Also, sometimes if your hand strays across the page it is possible to turn multiple pages. It is easy to hold while sitting or standing but when laying down your hand sometimes moves across the touch screen. I dont find this to be a deal breaker.This is an expensive device and whether the features warrant the price is an individual decision. For someone who reads every day and has aging eyes it is perfect.
There is no question this is an excellent reader with the best battery life available for any e-reader. I purchased every Kindle since the beginning, and from a purely "reading" standpoint I can't honestly tell any real difference between the first generation Kindle Oasis and this second generation.  I prefer the size of the first Oasis as it easily fits in most of my back pockets and coat pockets.  Additionally, the quality of the exterior leather cover is far superior in the first generation compared to the Oasis 2 leather cover.  The leather exterior of the new cover scuffs easily and marks and scuffs can't be removed.  And I'm not hard on my reader. The Oasis first generation leather cover has been great.  I'm not sorry I bought the second generation Oasis and I do use it the most; but I still use my first generation Oasis, especially when I'm traveling, given its more convenient size and weight.  So why buy the second generation Oasis?  It is faster, has Bluetooth capability, and a 7" versus a 6" screen.  I was never bothered by the 6" size, but I do notice the difference between them when switching back and forth.  The LED is superior  in the second gen and it definitely has more bells and whistles.  goodereader.com has a very good video comparison of the two and I would recommend checking it out if you're trying to decide what to buy. Finally I have rated this 4 stars due to the inferior quality of the new cover, which is not optional given that is where most of the battery is and also because it does not hold the reader as well in the case (mine has fallen/slipped out of the case a couple of times). The reader itself deserves 5 stars.
I used the Kindle software on my Samsung Tablet/Laptop combo. It was great until I got out in the sun. So I bought the Kindle Oasis. What a difference! You can read it anywhere. It's very customer friendly. I love the size - very convenient. I take it everywhere so I can read if I have to wait. I absolutely love it. It's so great to carry around a library of fifty books using only a small percentage of available space. I can't imagine anyone not loving this device. I highly recommend it.
I love the size of the Kindle Oasis, the sharpness of the fonts, the ability to turn pages using either the dedicated buttons or the touch screen.  I however do not care for the power consumption.  I have the page lighting set at 10, sometimes lower,  auto brightness is on, airplane mode is on and every two days the power on the kindle drops by more than half.  My previous Touch would not even drop down to 50% power until  2 -3 weeks of usage after a full charge..Is something wrong with my Oasis?  My usage of the Kindle remains the same - the amount of time it is used has not changed.The high power consumption is the strongest reason for my rating of 3 stars.
This new Kindle Oasis 9 runs out of battery power very quickly. This is alleviated by placing the Oasis on airplane mode but you have to remember to take it off airplane mode to download new books.I like the feel and it's easier to hold, lighter, and like having the buttons to push to change pages. The charging issue is a definite downside for me but overall I like the new model.  My old Kindle Paper White would hold a charge for a couple of weeks --- not 2 or 3 days like the Oasis without the airline mode. That's the only disappointment.
The screen is great. I like the feature of auto brightness, getting lighter or darker depending on the lighting you're reading in. I'm not sure if I like the "ergonomic" shape. While it is okay when holding it and the auto-rotate feature makes it easy to hold with either hand, it doesn't sit flat on the table, which feel weird. It is not the most comfortable holding it. I always use a case with my kindles (auto-wake cases) but the edge of the case digs into the palm of my hand when holding the kindle. I have to continuously re-adjust my grip until I find just the right hold that is comfortable. I probably wouldn't have this issue if I took it out of the case to read (and it is nicely light-weight), but that is rather inconvenient.
Only has about 8 hrs battery charge
I really would love to give this kindle a higher rating: the finishing feels high end, the screen is beautiful and fast, and battery life and memory size are large enough for plenty of reading. However, there are three weaknesses on this $250 device, that my $70 Kindle Fire does not have:1) The bluetooth connection keeps on dropping. After perfectly connecting and listening a few times, suddenly the kindle can see, but can not connect to the bluetooth speaker or headset, although they are paired. Even pausing and restarting an Audible book can be enough to lose the connection, and nothing brings it back except for a full restart of the Kindle. Amazon: fix this!2) Without a case (if you were ever going to use it like that), this device is incredibly slippery. Despite the ergonomic design, you almost have to hold it with both hands not to drop it.3) The worst, however, is that this $250 Kindle does not support the text-to-speech that $30-$100 Kindle Fires and earlier Kindles support. I use text-to-speech all the time to listen to books while working out, driving, walking, shopping, ..., and I end up having to go back to using my HD 8 Kindle Fire tablet for this. I know the device specs do not mention text-to-speech, but at this price point, I sure hope it gets added soon
I like the shape.I find it heavy.AND, most important, it does not hold a charge - which was the promise.  Are you listening, Kindle-folks?  We have 3 new ones in the family and we all experience the same lousy battery.  What are you going to do about it?
I bought the Oasis because my previous Kindle had stopped working.  Then I got it to work.  I wanted a waterproof Kindle and the Oasis is mostly that with exceptions.  It really does meet almost all my needs and desires except my previous model was more user friendly and worked more easily in terms of uploading books and finding what was on the Kindle and the Oasis was too thin for me to handle so that I had to by a shell cover to help me hold it and use it appropriately.  I still love it.
I had this originally pre-ordered but cancelled it because I actually got it today at Best Buy. I had planned to get the more expensive one but figured this would more than suit my needs. I love the fact that its so fast and responsive. I really wanted it because it has the page buttons which is something I have been missing for a while. Not a fan of all the fingerprints and gunk that gets transferred on the touch screens. The bigger screen is also a bonus. It seems more like a paperback page size to me. I will update more later when I have a better feel for the new Kindle but as of now and just playing around a little with it, its definitely 10/10 for me! My one gripe could potentially be the magnetic cover. It does seem to come off very easily which could become an issue.
I love the larger size screen.  However, it needs to be charged ALL the time.  Probably related to the cover not having a battery in it.  I do not feel that it is as easy to navigate as the original oasis.  Not being able to use a regular headset, but needing a Bluetooth set is disappointing as Bluetooth uses more battery power.  Also not being able to listen and read at same time.  I am disappointed in this reader which I was very excited to see be available r/t the screen size, audio like the first kindle and being waterproof so that pool/beach use would be safer.  As the box was burned I am stuck with this.
great kindle reader.  Not quite as good as the old one in many ways, but still nice.  It's heavier and bigger, the old one was so light, you could hold it for long time.  I still use it for reading in bed.  This one isn't as portable as the old one, doesn't fit in pocket or purse so well.  Other nice things are that it's waterproof, plays audio books, and has a bigger screen.  Next one should be just like the first Oasis but be waterproof and play audio.  Doesn't need the bigger screen.
I truly wanted to like this Kindle Oasis it was a lot of money but I thought it might be worth it. The problem is the battery operation is terrible it's last for 2 days and it needed to be recharged.I sent it back got the Voyager I have had the Voyager now over one week on the same charge please fix the Oasis
I love this Kindle.  This is honestly my first e-reader of any kind.  I love it.  Fast page refresh, wi-fi, super light, waterproof!  Very high resolution display makes it very comfortable to read.  The backlight has a broad range of adjustable brightness, from  off to too bright.  For a device like this I expected the touch screen to be a little slow compared to say, a smart phone, but it is very responsive.  I tested the waterproof claim, it is true.  It was un-phased by running water, pool water, salt water, and even did good with food spills like soda amd spaghetti sauce (don't ask).  Can connect to bluetooth. And has its own wi-fi.  Battery life is amazing.  I spent about 6 hours on it with the backlight on fairly bright since first charge and i think the battery indicator has moved maybe about 2 pixels lol.  Good buy,  worth the price tag of you read alot.Please mark this review as helpful.Save time, click here to buy  https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B06XD5YCKX/ref=as_li_qf_sp_asin_il_tl?ie=UTF8&tag;=unboxutopia-20&camp;=1789&creative;=9325&linkCode;=as2&creativeASIN;=B06XD5YCKX&linkId;=ec915950b0a263c6c51d86e730a73087
I like the basic make of the kindle , the background light , eink words all these are really good . Buts , why Wi-Fi is at 2.4ghz?  too slow in downloading books . Why kindle cant allow to  keep multiple international kindle store accounts in the memory device , I got to re download whenever I need to switch to another country kindle store. This reader is good except for its slow downloading speed and only allow one  locationize kindle store setup in it.
I absolutely love my Oasis and i own every amazon device put out in the last year or two i believe. It's really the device for the reader that reads all of the time. It's faster and more convenient if you want to listen to audiobooks as well!! Honestly, i really can't say enough about this device. It's by far my favorite reading device....besides a book, but i must say i rather read on my oasis now more than a book because i don't have to worry about my pages getting wet while relaxing in the tub!!!! lol
Lost my 4-year-old Paperwhite (2014) in the seat-back of an international flight. Immediately ordered an Oasis. Relative to the Paperwhite, is it expensive: somewhat, yes; is it really worth twice the price: probably not. However, I've toyed with buying the new goodie, and now I have it. I have no issues with the new device - it works flawlessly.The screen and page-turning buttons are very sensitive and responsive, and actual displayed pages hold more text (less page turning). Unexpectedly, it is fast enough at page turning that I no longer get mildly irritated at the time the Paperwhite took to do this.
I rarely give 5 stars (And actually only give it 4.5, I'll explain the point .5 later).  When I received the package I though to my self, "I paid that much money for this. I'm an idiot."  The reason I purchased it was four fold: integrated audible(20%), actual button's to turn pages 30%, larger screen 49%, and 1% because I received my income tax refund and treated myself.  But the larger screen, almost all in width, makes books so much easier to read.  For me, the light weight is perfect.  At 67 with 'not my 20's eyesight', the paper white display allows me to set size to 5, bold to 2, have a goodly amount of text on screen and still read comfortably. The auto brightness, in reasonably lit rooms, works well; I only have to change it when completely dark.  Why the screen work better than smaller paper whites, surprises me.  The integration with my 547 audible books is excellent.  Why the -0.5?  The on screen reading is so bad it can't be used because everything you touch has the same long message every time.  It lacks an auto learn feature.  The algorithm should read once then read only if you press longer or after some longer time of no touching.  Finally the message should change from a complete explanation to a one word identifier over time. This is a really bad interface.  Because I don't use that audio, I didn't give the Oasis a lower score. After all, everything is always about me.
Have owned numerous Kindles to include the Oasis I.  Admittedly I was uncertain about investing in the Oasis II but I was intrigued by the bigger screen.  Thus far I'm very happy I made the investment.  The device is a pleasure to hold and read.  I especially enjoy the greater number of LED lights as it appears more uniform and overall brighter than previous Kindles.  The additional reading space makes for a more pleasant experience for me and I enjoy getting lost in the books I'm reading.  Haven't used the audible portion yet but it's terrific to have the option.
This is my fourth Kindle so far.  After I return it, my prior one, a first generation Oasis, may very well be my last.I was excited at the prospect of thirty-two gigs of storage space.  Id never have to delete a book again!  I could store my entire library locally!  Then, someone at Amazon decided that what we desperately needed was for the content we download to our Kindles to be deleted automatically, with no ability to prevent it.Why someone would think that I needed them to delete my content, especially since this has THIRTY-TWO GIGABYTES of storage, is beyond me.  I wouldnt mind if they made this new feature, Quick Archive, optional, but they didnt.  After two calls with customer service and more than an hour spent, its become clear that there is no way to turn this feature off.  If you dont look at a book (or whatever) often enough, it will be deleted.Of course, you could simply download it from the cloud again.  Most people wont mind this.However, if, like me, you frequently find yourself in locations with no connectivity, this is a problem.  When Im at a remote worksite and I want to consult one of the manuals I have on my Kindle, I do not want to find that it was deleted and I cant access it again until the next time I have connectivity.  I spent three and a half weeks in Australia earlier this year, and I did a lot of reading.  I even went back and re-read the very first book I ever bought on my first Kindle.  I would have been very upset to find it had been deleted, especially since we spent a lot of time in the Outback, and guess what, theres not much connectivity out there!  Heck, when I go camping here in the States, theres never any connectivity, and when I get a whim to re-read something I already have, I do not want to find that its been deleted to free up space on my THIRTY-TWO GIGABYTE Kindle!Seriously!  Whos idea was it to make this something that cannot be turned off?Aside from that, this Kindle is great.  I love the bigger screen.  Its slightly, but noticeably, faster when turning pages and the like.  And, of course its waterproof.  Ive never dropped any of my Kindles, but I do use it in the outdoors a lot and if I were caught in unexpected rain, thatd be one less thing I needed to worry about.If youll never be away from connectivity, youll likely love everything about this.  If, like me, you were planning on keeping your entire collection downloaded locally so that you can access anything you own on a whim, you will be let down.  Seriously, why offer a thirty-two gig model if were not allowed to actually use it before theyll delete things?So, you need to evaluate your own usecase.  If you dont mind discovering that things you thought you had downloaded have been deleted and you need to download them again, this will be a great device for you.Im taking two stars off due to the stupid feature that cant be disabled, and one star because according to Amazon Customer Support, there is no way for me to provide feedback to anyone with any kind of authority about this whole thing.And like I mentioned, Im returning it.  If I had known about this feature before I bought it, well, I wouldnt have bought it.  Theyd better not try to force it on to my existing Kindle.If someone buys one of these in the future and discovers that theyve put an on/off switch on Quick Archive, please, comment and let me know, as Ill almost certainly buy one then.
I expected to really enjoy this device; I knew going in the price/value equation was out of whack, but reluctantly pulled the trigger after my early generation PaperWhite battery began to require multiple charges per week. To my absolute disgust, this device requires nearly the same charging schedule as my 5 year old PaperWhite with a failing battery. Internet searches reveal this to be a fairly common complaint, with the following common potential causes: battery is 1/3 less powerful than PaperWhite models, excessive backlight settings, excessive wireless usage and a one time indexing procedure for those who might load the device with many books at the outset. While I did have the backlight set to about 1/3, I kept in airplane mode and have loaded less than 10 books over the last week and a half of ownership. Before returning this device as unsatisfactory, I have turned off the backlight entirely and restarted the device based on suggestions from other owners. I will update this review if the experience is improved, otherwise back it goes before the return expiration date.
My Wife has been Kindle user since Gen 1 reader!  Every time a newer version came out, she would always say "No, I love the one I have!"  Obviously, I will buy the newer one and she loves it and becomes her NEW Favorite! LOLBUT, She last had a Paper White and loved it!  I surprised her with a New Oasis.This newer version with bigger screen, lighter weight and sharper screen MADE ME A HERO!  She keeps saying "I LOVE MY OASIS!" and this is after using it for nearly 3 months.  GET IT if you love Kindle or someone who loves them!
A great device!I love reading on something that doesn't feel like a screen, but also stores my books without me needing to build myself my own personal library. It's lightweight. I love the idea that it is water proof, though I have not yet tested that claim. I suppose I'll find out if I drop in the lake over the summer.I do miss having a physical keyboard like my 1st gen kindle did, but the touch screen one works well enough. I just hate predictive text and wind out with a ton of typos, but who cares if they are just my person notes.One feature I really like is that I can send a word doc to it and read the same way I could a mobi or kindle file. My 1st gen kindle would open word and pdf's, but it wouldn't enlarge the text the same way. So that is definitely an improvement to this one. The browser also works better on this than the older kindle.
I was so excited to get this new Kindle. I read the forum questions and answers daily in anticipation. My experience with it was not happy. The aluminum frame seemed very separate from the reading surface and comments about it being sharp were correct. The added screen for reading was wonderful. My 71-year old hands could not adapt to holding the increased weight although it was very slight. The combination of size and weight overwhelmed my arthritic hands and I processed a return for the Kindle and the brown leather cover. Sad
I purchased the new 7" Oasis since I have a bit of a hard time comfortably holding my Voyage due to having large hands and not much to hold onto when reading with it. The Oasis seemed like it'd be much easier to hold with one hand. This wasn't the case. The multiple reviews on Amazon that say it's hard to hold in one hand are correct- the back is somewhat slippery and it just didn't quite work for me. Will stay with my Voyage for now.
Nicest Kindle I have ever used. There is enough space for more books than I can read in my life-time, and it is waterproof (I have not tried to dip it into water yet, but I feel more relaxed near water now). The best feature is probably the audio book capability (I am not sure if this is the first reader to do that, but I like it). The only flaw I discovered is the user interface. I somehow wandered into a state that I could not flip pages using the buttons on the side. It might be related to the menu or status bar on the top/bottom, but I don't know how to recover after I lost the functionality of the page up/down buttons. I had to completely shut it down, then turned it back on (basically a reset) to get my page buttons back. Before that, I tried the setup and moving my fingers everywhere, but all in vain. I don't know what is the logic behind disabling the page buttons when there is a top or bottom status bar/menu on the screen. There must be a good reason, but I don't get it.
This is my third Kindle, and each version has improvements over the last.  That said, I like the size and weight.  I really like the fact you can use it with either hand and the screen and controls shift automatically.  On the downside, the grip isn't quite comfortable, I have a problem with accidentally making the pages flutter ahead or back, and I don't get the battery life that is advertised.  I figured out you have to put it on airplane mode to save battery time, but it still seems to slurp the charge down quickly.  Perhaps it's because it has WI-fi and cellular, but I hardly get days, much less weeks out of it.  There are more items on the plus side than minus, so I would recommend it.
I previously owned a Kindle Paperwhile and loved it. I decided to upgrade when the new Kindle Oasis came out even though it was much more expensive with the features I wanted. I love this product and read on it daily. I love having an e-reader because I dont get distracted with emails and texts when I try to read on my tablet. The Kindle oasis 2017 is easy to hold and turn pages. I love the waterproof feature since I enjoy reading in the bathtub. I definitely recommend this product if you are looking for a device just for the purpose of reading.
I think this is a very nice Kindle compares favorably or better than the three or four previous model's I have owned.  The larger screen is a plus and it is comfortable to hold in it's case or without the case.  Nice that you don't have to about getting it wet and the audible book capability may be great for some. The processor seems to be a tad faster too.  I would recommend the larger memory option if one intends to use the audible book feature a lot.  Only downside is that it might be a tad pricey for many and unless you like reading in a spa or bath tub the waterproof feature is nice but superfluous.  I've owned a Kindle for years, never had it get wet. :)
An excellent e-reader!I was attracted to this model initially for the larger storage capacity. 32 GB of storage means I can carry even more books everywhere with me. A huge benefit for any avid readers!I read in everything from full sunlight to darkened rooms. The oasis has an adaptive front light that automatically adjusts the brightness of the screen. I can and do read for hours at a time and never suffer from eye strain or headaches. The text is crisp, clear and reads like paper.This is my favorite Kindle and also my favorite electronic gadget. I love to read and this device definitely enhances my reading experience.
The large display is nice.  Still not sure what I think about the battery bump - it is not a problem, but feels odd.  Two annoying bugs so far.  First, the clock loses time when you read it.  It keeps perfect time when it is off, but it loses about 30 minutes over six hours of reading.  I reset the clock and found the same effect.  Is this just my Oasis or are others having the same problem?I also have trouble checking out books via Kindle Unlimited with my Oasis; frequently getting error messages.  If I go online with another device and check out a book, there is no problem.  Then the Oasis will download it automatically.  Hopefully this will get fixed with the first OS upgrade.
I bought the new Oasis for it's bigger screen.  As far as the battery claims, I would be happy if it matched the performance of the first Oasis.  I am enjoying the  larger screen.  However, battery performance is nowhere near as  strong as the first Oasis.  Very disappointing, in fact, and the reason for my 3 star review.  In an way it's deja vu all over again.  I had the same problem with my first oasis battery.  I kept waiting for a firmware change to correct the problem, but no such luck.  Finally I exchanged it for a new one, which solved the battery problem.  Oasis one works very well for me now.  I will follow the same process on the new one, but will not wait as long this time to request an exchange.To summarize, the display is excellent.  The small additional real estate makes a significant difference in readability for me.  Battery performance is the worst I have experienced in a Kindle.  I have owned all of them.  You can almost watch the battery strength dissipate as you read.  Horrible.  I also recommend that you pass on the Kindle cover on this one.  It serves no useful function that I can see.
The Oasis compared to the Paperwhite is like moving up from reading a paperback to a hardcover book in size and still be comfortable to hold. The size is perfect to read. My biggest complaint is the poor battery life. I only get about fifteen hours of life, which is not as good as the paperwhite kindle.
I've only owned this for a couple of weeks but so far so good.  Beautiful e-reader.  As advertised it fits well in your hand.  Screen illumination is consistent from top of page to bottom.  The click on the page turning buttons are not overly loud.  The page swipe is fast.  Downloads are fast.  I really like the larger screen.  Small difference in size from the Paperwhite but it makes a big difference when reading.  I love the 32GB of storage.I owned the Voyage for a couple of weeks and it started getting hinky on me so I returned it.  If this happens with the Oasis I will return and revise my review but so far I love the Oasis.
I like:1. The new size and I like the features.  I had the 8th generation before with the second battery in the case.What I dont like:1. The new Kindle doesnt have the battery life that the 8th generation did.2. The leather case does not hold on to the  Kindle very well. The magnets in the case could be stronger I feel.3.  The metal case, although is attractive, is slippery and hard to hold on to while reading and the metal is cold to the touch. Going back to a nonmetal textured case I feel would be better.
Would have gladly given 5 stars, but for the lack of a sleep timer.  Wish I had read the other person's review about no timer.  I might not have spent the $300.  I go to sleep listening every night to one of hundreds of audible titles I own, but I can't on this device so I have to go back to using an old Fire device.  I like the configuration and feel.  This is my 4th e-reader and half dozen fire tablets.
I have been using this Kindle for a couple of months now and I love it. The screen is crisp. The lighting is uniform. In past Kindles, you've been able to clearly see where the lights were placed as there would be bright spots on the screen at their location, which could be distracting at times. I haven't noticed this at all with this one. The page turns are fast and responsive whether you're using the physical buttons or tapping the screen. Due to its asymmetrical shape, I was concerned that it would be awkward to hold. I'm glad to find that I was wrong. I find it to be very comfortable in my hand. This design also eliminates a problem I had with some past Kindles where the edge was so narrow that I kept accidentally turning the page every time I tried to shift my hand to a more comfortable position (which was fairly often as it could be hard to hold the reader without touching the screen). Since I don't have Bluetooth headphones, I haven't been able to test how well it works with Audible. I also have a Fire and a Kobo, but the Oasis has become my go-to reader.
I only got this today, so this is a preliminary review. Generally I think this is a very good product. I disagree with the (rather few) low-star reviews that complain about the text legibility, to me it seems about the same as my Paperwhite, which is very good. I like the larger format, although if they were going to make it that much wider it could have also been taller to get more lines on the page. One minor complaint is that it comes with a lot of Kindle store advertising by default (e.g. "you might like this" ads) on the Home page; however, if you go into settings you can turn that off. Second, it keeps nagging me to establish a Wi-Fi connection.  I don't want to do this, and I hope I can find a way to make it stop prompting me for it. Update: I can't get library books the way I used to do it (downloading them to my computer and then copying them onto my Kindle, a method I prefer to using Wi-Fi) and must use Wi-Fi. This is not insurmountable, but I don't like being limited in this way.
Much better than actually paper books, I do know some of the people want to FEEL the feel of a real book, I was the same UNTIL I had to move!!! All those books were a hell for me to move! Plus i got no space for them anymore, and books are high maintenance to keep. And now I don't have to. Because I can have hundreds of books on my Kindle and it only require 1/5 the size of a real book.  Oh also I can also read without light on, so i don't have to bother my partner who's light sensitive when sleeping. *It does reflect lights sometimes.  The screen looks very much like the real paper(when the backlight is off and reading in daylight).
Had a few issues connecting to Bluetooth devices. Needed to reset it a few times. If it continues we might look into returning it.
I have been waiting awhile to upgrade my e-reader.  I have had Kindles since the Keyboard version.  I was very excited when I saw the Oasis was waterproof as I like to read at the pool/beach.  Unfortunately, I don't think that outweighs the downsides for me.  I love the fact that there are so many light adjustment settings.  Sadly I have to turn it up to like at least 17 or so to make it comfortable for me to read and that means the battery life is terrible.  I had to charge it like every other day.  I have to say that I scoffed at reviews who mentioned the sharpness of the devices but after trying to read with it, I have to agree.  I have to switch hands back and forth because it is very sharp on the pads of your fingers.  I really wanted to love the Oasis as it is touted as the Cadillac of E-Readers but I just coudln't justify the battery life and how uncomfortable it is to use for the price.  If it had been close closer to the 150 dollar range I might have kept it for the waterproof feature alone but not for over twice what I had to pay for the Paperwhite that I returned it for.  I have to say, as usual, Amazon's customer service made this effortless I just wish more time had been spent on making it at least easier to hold.
Ive had every type of kindle up to this model.  Paper white holds charge best imo.  Still want an off button b/c the standby mode still eats power and I try not to use to conserve battery.  Really wish Amazon would let us create collections on computer and move to kindle.  Current and only style is clunky and obnoxious when you have a library and multiple collections.  Adaptable light is nice. Slightly larger screen is nice and adaptability to change buttons or direction to left handed operation is fantastic for those sick of dealing with that issue.  Keep working and give us the ability to work on computer and Ill give 5 stars.
I love that its waterproof, which was the hook that got me switch out my paperwhite. The screen is super sensitive when water hits it. The battery lasts long, the design is comfortable however, without a case the back is so slick, it tends to be hard to hold. Overall I am very happy with my new kindle Oasis and the fact that its water resistant is a big selling point.
I do love my kindles but I noticed yesterday while reading it that the light kept dimming and getting brighter while I was reading it. Was very distracting. Another thing was when I did the preorder it says it also had audible. I did get it to work that way but it is a computerized voice. I thought it would be more like the audible books you buy on a cd so I did not like that part at all. Also it is very touchy about turning the pages if you touch the front of the device at all even just holding it. My other 2 kindles did not do that,Other than those  things I love reading on my kindle devices. This one is very light and easy to read
I've owned a Paperwhite, a Voyage and I decided to upgrade to the Oasis now. This is my favorite device of the lot. I'm 6'5" and I have gigantic hands and this Oasis is the perfect size. I love the off center full page display. Something about the Voyage made it unpleasant to read and I didn't realize it until I upgraded to the Oasis. I'm an avid reader and for some reason it took me forever to get through a book on the Oasis. My Voyage was delivered on Nov 1 and I've already made it through 3 books. This display is brilliant. I'm perfectly pleased.
I jumped into the world of e-readers several years ago when Amazon released the first generation of Kindle Paperwhite.  At that time, I was reluctant to make the transition from physical books to books on an electronic device.  I'm no Luddite and my hesitation had more to do with the fact that there are aspects of physical books that I didn't think an e-reader could replicate: the act of turning a page, the texture of the pages, the continual reminder of your progress as you see one side of the book getting thinner and thinner.  The Paperwhite turned out to be a good device even if it did not convert me to a die-hard Kindle devotee.What the Paperwhite could not accomplish those years ago, the new Kindle Oasis has.  From the very first moment of placing the device in your hands, you can sense how much care went into making it feel comfortable and well-proportioned.  One of my biggest issues with the Paperwhite was the thin bezel around the screen and how uncomfortable it could be to hold it for long periods of time (even with the Amazon designed leather cover).  The Oasis adopts something of an asymmetrical design, with one side having more real estate than the other.  This additional space makes it far more comfortable to hold the Oasis.  The added room also allows for physical buttons, which are also a welcome addition.  Tapping or swiping to turn pages never felt natural to me and the ability to click a button to either go forward or backward oddly allows me to read faster.  The last thing that I'll compliment is the Oasis's screen.  It is no longer recessed and thus the screen is no longer a repository of dust around the edges.  As to the quality of the display, the text is crisp and the refresh time when you flip a page is very low.Obviously, I'm quite fond of the Oasis.  However, I know the price point is a bit high for many and I won't deny that its something of a luxury purchase.  Most people are probably better served to go with a Paperwhite or a Kindle Voyage as both do the same things the Oasis does.  Even if they don't do those things quite as well, the gap between the devices are likely not so significant as to be too much of an issue.  At the end of the day, the Oasis may be best for those of us who can't really keep ourselves from diving into the newest thing even if something else would be equally effective.  The Oasis is a gorgeous e-reader that feels great in the hand and makes me want to slip away to have more time to read.  Does that justify the price point?  That's up to you.  What I do know, however, is that nobody who takes the plunge in getting an Oasis will regret the experience they get.
This device is fluid, and runs very smoothly. It is very easy to use, too! One of my favorite features, which I wasnt aware of until I received the device, is that it automatically rotates when you flip the device from hand to hand. It is so helpful because Im left handed! The auto-brightness feature on the screen with 12 LED Lights transitions flawlessly while Im reading and I find that its hardly noticeable. The page buttons allow for one handed reading, and allow me to be as comfortable as Id like and really wind down during my reading time. The only thing that I wish the Oasis had would be colored covers, as book covers have stunning color and designs. That is the only thing I would say the fire has above the rest of the Kindles. Its really a beautiful device and Im very pleased with it.
I have bought this device in december 2017.I have owned kindle paperwhite 2 and kindle keyboard 3 previously, thus i can compare my experience with this latest device.In my opinion the main advantage of this device is its screen: once you start using it you no longer want to go back to the paperwhite.However i can see a number of downsides:1. Battery: kindle oasis lives for about a week, with 2-2.5 hours reading every day. My knidle paperwhite worked for about 1.5 month.2. Stability: The software is not stable yet. With the latest firmware (5.9.2.0.1) it hangs every other day - i cannot really bring it back from sleep without restarting it first. I can also see that the top bar that is suposed to show time and the wi-fi status freezes and deisplays old time.I would say that this user experience is embarrassing. My kindle paperwhite was very stable - it hanged 1-2 times over the last 4 years.
I am very pleased with the new Oasis E-reader.  I have had a Voyage for years and thought it was enough, but liked the idea of audio with the new Oasis so purchased.  Not disappointed.  The sizing is wider than the Voyage, but the weight and feel in my hand is very comfortable.  I like the brighter screen back-lighting and the raised page-turn buttons.  I did need to get use to the forward turn being the upper button.  Actually, once I started reading on the Oasis, I have had no interest in going back to the Voyage.  Nice upgrade!
I used to read books my tablet untill it needed replaced so I decided to try a kindle instead of buying a new tablet. I went to best buy and played around with the different kindle models they had on display and I really loved the oasis. They didn't have any available at the store so I order off Amazon and I like reading on my kindle so much more then reading on my old tablet.
I love sitting at home with a blizzard going on outside and ordering up a library book that falls into place on that Kindle in seconds. Always a major slog to battle the traffic, going downtown to the public library. I love reading thrillers and mysteries. With the physical book it is a fight with temptation to  ruffle the pages and find the ending bits.Temptation wins 100% of the time. With kindle, of course one can "Go To" what ever, but for me, it's just not that tempting. It is so nice to just read--pick your font and font size- and not having a heavy book in the way of my cats who want to snuggle up on my chest.Luckily I had a (Scully) plonge leather zipper cover leftover from an old planner. The Kindle Oasis nestles inside a diagonal pocket and the cord fits in another little pocket as well. I wish everyone could have one of those to keep their Kindle out of trouble.I'm still in the market for a basic Kindle cover. If my  hands get cold, the kindle gets slippery. But still, changing hands, the gyro mechanism flips the screen back and forth. I like the thick part --it really helps the balance aspect.I love all the dictionaries and the instant look-up of definitions.This is my first big-time gadget outside of a laptop computer. Shook my head at all the previous e-readers until now.I'm glad I waited for this Kindle Oasis. Very Glad!!!
awesome device, I had a paperwhite for a while and did not upgrade to the voyage - did not think it was worth it but this one is worth the upgrade even if a tad expensive. If you read at night in bed, it's just a great light device (take the casebot case with it  - worth its price). I had issues registering it for some reason, the helpdesk over chat was not helpful (even if super courteous) but it got resolved automatically the next day. Bottom line: super happy with my new oasis, best device so far even if you don't the waterproof feature (I don't)
I  like the bigger screen size although it is harder to fit in my pocket . The option to hear the books is great although if I could also read along would be better. The battery life is improved.  O on the minus side the  cover tends to come loose easily it really needs stronger magnets to keep it secure . I think that an option to personalize the cover would be a plus I like to have my name stamped on the leather cover. My Kindle library list would be better if I could sort in ascending or descending order since it takes what seems like to forever to reach a book toward the end of the list
I would give a five star if battery could last more than three days. I'm not a heavy user probably 2-3 hours per day, but it can barely last more than three days. I heard many same complains and believe amazon can fix it maybe by working on software.
this was a replacement for a 2nd generation kindle that still works great.  my complaints are that it won't reopen to the page i stopped reading for about a quarter of the ebooks i have and it often takes multiple screen taps to get a response.  on top of that, it's a constant battle to keep it from prematurely turning pages, since any touch on the side of the screen advances that page.  finally, i have to reset it to show the page number i'm on every time i use the device, which is incredibly irritating.  if i had it to do again, i wouldn't have gotten this particular high-priced version.
There have been some very solid Kindles in the past but this one truly feels like a premium product. The screen is finally big enough to permit a usable amount of text per page without having to make the font comically miniscule. The faster processor also makes everything feel zippier than weve come to expect from e-ink devices. This is a beautiful dedicated e-reader.
Love most of the things about the Oasis E-reader, Graphics are great and you can do more with it.  A larger menu page with added options.  Being water resistant is a big plus also. There are a couple of things that are too great, one being when you set it to show how much time is left in the book, it constantly disappears, maybe minutes after you set it.  I'm constantly going back to the menu to reset it. Just very annoying after a while.  Second item is that the shape is awkward to carry around, and it won't fit in any pants pockets, even oversize ones.  My Kindle voyage fits in my pockets comfortably without a problem. I still rate it a 5 star because overall it's the best Kindle I've had, and this is my fourth one.
Weight:  Perfect. Lighter than my paperwhite.Screen:  Light is even and bright. Dairect sun a different look not as white. Larger.Case:  Feels great in my hands. Edges a little sharp but no big deal.Speed:  Faster than my paperwhite.On and off:  Much faster than paperwhite.Baterry Life:  Good.Buttons:  I dont use them.  I just touch the screen to turn pages. They do work though.Audible feature:  I dont use so I have not tried it.Worth upgrade?  I would say yes. But not a huge upgrade from paperwhite if you only compare the quality of the screen.
The ergonomics are fantastic, and the screen is just the right size at the 7" mark.The new origami case feels and works fantastically. The magnets are not too strong, the leather is great, and puts things at a perfect angle for viewing in bed.The screen yellows from one side to the other. I have now had 3 kindles (voyage, oasis 6", oasis 7") in the last two weeks, and they all seem to do it. Drive me mad, but I doubt that there is anything to be done. I'll just have to live with it, though Amazon really needs to look at their designs and fix this.Also, "weeks" of battery life actually means about 5 days of normal reading.
I really liked my Kindle Keyboard and was hesitant to purchase the touch screen version because I like the buttons.  But my Kindle was starting to crack in the corners by the screen and I didn't want to be without.  After purchasing this Kindle I thought I wasn't going to like it because it had so little to hold on to I was turning pages just holding it. Then I found the setting "Disable the touch screen". Wow that made it great. I can read at lunch and wipe off crumbs and stuff without losing my place. That should be in the hype!The screen itself takes a little getting used to. The Keyboard the words looked like it was on top but the oasis has it behind the glass which makes it look a little like  it is in a shadow box (a little more artificial).The screen is not glare proof it will glare at the right angle but is worlds better than a tablet.The battery life is much shorter than the Keyboard but the LEDs probably contribute to that.
I had the first edition of the Oasis E-reader. This edition is a big improvement. It is larger and has many new features. The battery frequently disconnected from the first E-reader, but the new one seems to prevent that from happening. I especially like the fact that I can use it with Audible. I like to read in the car when we are traveling. The glare from the sun does not affect the reader, and the light at night can be adjusted. In fact, I can adjust the print so that I dont have to wear my glasses. I highly recommend the new Oasis!
Let me start by stating I love Kindles. We've got multiple Kindles in my house and I was looking forward to this for a long time, simply because I wanted a larger kindle. The extra real estate really makes a difference and while it's a bit awkward to hold with the cover, it's still a huge step up from my Voyage. The problem is the lighting is awful.  I'm on my second Oasis currently. The first was returned because the left 25% of the device has a yellow tint while the right 75% if perfectly white. The second one I received had the same problem but on the lower half of the screen. Amazon has offered a third replacement once the device comes back in stock. If the screen is uniform I will update this review. As of now I'm unsure if the new device will fix the issue.My original Paperwhite had the issue with dust particles under the screen and I had to go through five of those to get one without that issue. I had no issues with the Voyage, and now here we are with uneven lighting with the Oasis. Amazon has been working with manufacturers on these types of Kindles for a long time, and to still have issues with the lighting is really kind of odd. As of now, I think I will wait any time there's a new Kindle out to make sure the manufacturing issues have been worked out.
I am so glad that I took the plunge and purchased this. Yes, it is expensive, but reading and listening to Audible books are my passions.  I love the way it feels in my hand, I love the larger screen size, I love the different fonts and the ability to darken the print for my "older" eyes.  I also like the ability to seamlessly switch  between reading and listening to my books. This was a no-brainer purchase for me, but I know that the price is an issue for a lot of people.  It almost was for me as well until I really priced it out for my needs.
I have owned every Kindle, with the exception of 2 iterations of the Paperwhite, from the first original Kindle to the current Oasis 2017. Both of these devices are currently in my possession. All of the others have been re-purposed. Although the Oasis 2017 is my daily device, the original Kindle is still used on a regular basis. Note: over the years, the original Kindle has had multiple batteries.  :-)First, the Kindle is about immersive reading, no distractions. Second, forget the format, its about the story and one's imagination. Importantly, one can pick up the device and begin reading where one ended. This can be accomplished  by upgrading to a "no special offers" feature.The Kindle Oasis 2017 is a meticulously crafted precision instrument for reading and is to be handled with care.It may take some time to adapt from a 6" to 7" device, but maybe not as long as one might think. Yes, holding the new 7" device may be different, just as it was the last time a new Kindle was purchased. Another adjustment may be the change in eye location and movement. Previous eye habits will make the transition; how rapidly will depend on the user.For my use, the Kindle case is fine. The design is on track, providing minimal protection and maximum use. Just open the flap and the Kindle comes on, ready for reading with the flap folded back. Or, take the Kindle out of the case to read right or left handed, my favorite way to read. Whether the Kindle is in the case or out, when the Kindle is moved from the right or left hand and back, the screen and buttons rotate "on-the-fly." Simple, no fuss. The case magnet is not too loose or too tight, it works as it is supposed to.I opted for the cloth case for the Kindle 2017 which looks nice and is very functional. The leather style case was very appealing. However, my experience with the previous Oasis leather type case produced visible incidental scratches which were a distraction, even though the scratches could be fairly easily smoothed over.With only one battery in the Kindle Oasis 2017, the two battery connection required for charging the previous Kindle Oasis has been eliminated. Simple is better.I do prefer the actual page turn buttons. In addition, the feature which allows the user to control which button, either the top or bottom, to use for the next or previous page may be helpful to users.This is the most advanced Kindle yet, a premium reading device. As the Kindle strives for perfection, consider the many user selectable options available now for Kindle users. Much thought and work was required for providing those user options. Only mature and advanced devices can provide those selections.What will the next Kindle encompass? For now, let's just leave this to the imagination of the Kindle developers and attentively await what will be.Lastly, kudos to all the Kindle development team members since 2004. This product has morphed froman idea into many useful and enjoyable devices, each better than the last. I like it!
Love it! The size is great, especially for older eyes. The text is very crisp and clear. The lighting is very good. I havent tried the waterproofness yet. Im glad I bought it. The only thing is I feel you should have the ability to read and listen to audiobooks at the same time(immersion reading). For the cost I dont think thats too much to ask. Overall, I really, really love it.
I'm reviewing to say one thing.  Don't let the extra weight between the new and the old Oasis scare you off.  I was worried that it wouldn't be as good as a nighttime / in bed reader.  But after two nights with it I haven't noticed the extra weight really.  It feels better in my hand and I like the new buttons marginally better.  What I really like is the extra screen.  I'm very happy with this Oasis.
Received the Kindle Oasis as a Christmas gift! From reading the reviews, I honestly thought I would be returning it. Wrong! The screen is bigger, words are easier to read, turns pages faster and waterproof! Now I dont have to worry about getting it wet! Battery is great on my Oasis. I read 2-3 hours or maybe more every night and I havent charged my Oasis for almost a month now. Overall, I love my Kindle Oasis!
This Kindle does what it is supposed to. It's lightweight and easy to handle. The battery life is horrible, though. Even with WIFI turned off and the screen dimmed, this Oasis will last less than one day on a full charge.
I am disappointed in this Kindle.  There is a lag or sometimes a need for a second push on the turn forward button in order to turn the page.  The battery  does not last very long..  I get about 4 days on a full charge reading about two hours a day, with wifi off and blue tooth off and auto bright on.  If I hadn't traded my voyage in, I would probably send this back and keep my old one.  The larger screen is nice and the text and glare properties are good.  I will get used to its idiosyncrasies  in time and will enjoy it.  I just wouldn't pay this much  again  for this model  for another generation or two.
Overall pretty good, not sure it is worth the extra money over the paperwhite.  The battery life is much less than the paperwhite, but still good enough.  I can get well over 1 week without recharging.  The larger screen is nice,but not that big of a deal.  I don't care for the thick part on the right side.  It makes it balance funny and uncomfortable for 1 hand reading.  I generally change the orientation so the thick/heavy part is at the bottom. That works well on kindle books, but not on pdf books that I created.  It takes 5 button presses to change the orientation, it will flip 180 degrees automatically, but to do 90 degrees is a pain.
I've been wanting an upgrade to the Oasis for a while. This is my third kindle now and I have to say it is well designed. It's lightweight and comfortable to hold. Surprisingly the addition of small edge makes a huge difference. For long reading I always remove the cover now as it is much more comfortable to hold. And the dedicated page buttons are very easy to access. And with the new waterproof design, I no longer have to worry about in my bag or reading outside or general spills. Makes it worth every penny. Very happy to have finally upgraded from the Paperwhite to this.
This is, I believe, my first Amazon review.  Unlike some of the other reviewers for this device, this is also my first Kindle - and my first e-ink reader.So, here's what I think of the Oasis 2 after my first 24 hours with the device:Let's start with the pros.  I love how light this thing is.  I had used an iPad as an ebook reader for a long time, and then my iPhone after that.  The iPad was simply too heavy to read comfortably for a long time.  On my iPhone (6S+) the screen just felt too cramped.  On both, the display fatigued my eyes after even a short while reading.  The Oasis 2 could not be more different.  The text is crisp and clear, the device is easy to hold one-handed (in part thanks to the bump on the back), the screen size feels perfect and only slightly different in dimension to many trade paperbacks, and the front-lit screen is evenly lit and easy on the eyes with a lot of control over the level of illumination.  The number of titles Amazon offers in their Kindle store is staggering, and I'm especially excited that I can check out books from my library via Overdrive and have them directly and wirelessly sent right to my Kindle.The menu system is a little clunky to a first-timer, but it's intuitive enough for anyone who's ever had a smartphone (which is pretty much everyone).  The display itself loads new pages quickly, and the touch responsiveness is very accurate.  While the touch controls work just fine for flipping pages I'm a big fan of the page turn buttons, which are raised and easy to find, and have a tactile clicky feel without making a loud clicky sound.  They're not silent, but you won't have to worry that they're disturbing your sleeping partner if you're reading in bed.  The screen on my device is the same slightly off-white color as most books, and the illumination is a bit on the cool-white side (both of which I like).Now for cons.  I ended up getting an Oasis with special offers to save myself a few bucks.  I heard most people say the ads aren't very annoying or intrusive, and I would agree with about half of that.  They certainly aren't intrusive, but I couldn't be less in the target demographic for the ads that are shown on my device which is more than a little annoying.  Almost all of them are books in the apparently large genre of erotic vampire fantasy.  Almost all the covers feature women staring into the distance with sexy eyes.  It's... a little awkward to leave sitting on my desk at work or on the arm of the couch around my wife and kids.  Keep in mind, I've never owned or even picked up a book like this - physical or digital - in my life.  Nothing I've ever purchased on Amazon even seems related, far as I can see.  Maybe it's just because I'm new to the Kindle ecosystem and the ads will naturally tailor themselves to my actual taste as I download more books or whatever.  But I find myself wanting to pony up the $20 to remove ads so I don't have to awkwardly explain I'm not into vampire sexy times and Amazon is just being weird.  If that was Amazon's plan all along, then they're truly evil masterminds.  I suspect I'm just unlucky.  Or maybe the Powers That Be know me better than I know myself.  I dunno.I can't stand the auto-brightness for the LED lit display.  It seems like it always just jumps up to near max, even when I'm reading in a well-lit room.  Under those conditions especially, I don't want to use the LED lights at all, let alone crank them up to their max setting.  For now I've simply disabled the auto-brightness feature altogether and I manually adjust the brightness as desired.  This is a little clunky, though, and I wish the auto-brightness worked more to my satisfaction.I haven't bothered to look at how Amazon tested the device to determine that it has weeks of battery life, but I suspect for heavy readers that won't hold up - especially if you make good use of the lit display.  After charging my device to full I read for maybe four total hours with the display conservatively lit.  I seemed to be somewhere around 50 or 66% battery after that (the battery doesn't display a percentage, only an inscrutable image grumblegrumble).  That's not bad for a first charge, but I'd rather know how many hours of active use the device has instead of some stupid and vague marketing estimate probably based on 30 minutes of daily use with the screen lighting turned off and the device in airplane mode.Last bit for cons.  I've taken my Oasis with me everywhere over the last 24 horus, and winter in my neck of the woods is frigid.  Because of this, there are a few times when I've pulled my Kindle out after coming in from outside where the all-aluminum chassis has been jarring to hold.  It's a very minor quibble, and I suspect I'll appreciate the sturdier design more in the long run than I mind holding a cold device for a few minutes.  I do wonder how easy to grip the aluminum chassis will feel with sweaty summer hands.For me personally, the pros have far outweighed the cons.  I'd say most of the cons are relatively minor things compared to the pros, which are pretty significant for me... with the possible exception of the horny vampire ladies.  As for whether this is a good purchase for you, well, I can't say.  I don't have experience with Amazon's other Kindles so I can't directly compare.  I can say that at this point I'm very happy with my purchase, and it has been much more enjoyable to read digital books on the e-ink screen compared to an LCD or OLED display.  The particular feel of this device (with the bump on the back) makes it exceptionally comfortable to hold for an extended period.  If you've got the disposable income and you're interested in this device I think you'll be happy.  I haven't had the Oasis 2 for long, and if anything changes - bad or good - I'll be updating my review accordingly.Last thing I want to do is address some common things I've read in other reviews.  I've seen a number of folks comment that the quality of their display was not acceptable.  The two common complaints were that the coloration was uneven and/or that the text was blurry on one half of the screen.  I have not experienced that problem at all.  I'm not saying that wasn't an issue at some time, but it is possible that there was a bad run of devices and Amazon's worked out the kinks.  I've also read that some people find the device edges 'sharp' and uncomfortable.  I can see that for sure, but I haven't found that to be a problem for me.  Different folks will have different tolerances, and if you hold the device with one corner resting in the palm of your hand for an extended time it may become uncomfortable.  Again, I didn't find it to be an issue, but your mileage may vary.
This new Oasis is my 4th kindle.  I had the original, the original Fire, the Paperwhite, and now this one.  I love it!  It is small and light, but, unlike the Paperwhite it has an edge to hold on to.  On that edge it has buttons that you can use to turn the page, or you can use the touch screen.  If you roll over in bed and want to hold it in your other hand, just turn it over and the screen flips and now it is left-handed!  Also, the screen changes very quickly - faster than my eyes can track back up to the top.  Definitely the best kindle yet!
This is a really nice device. Perfect high resolution screen with ultra smooth lighting. Page turns are seamlessly fast while the operating system appears to be quite stable. Very comfortable to hold in my hand for extended periods of reading. I got the 32 Gb and 4G no ads option for mine. Somewhat pricey...but seems thus far to be worth every penny. However, avoid the "premium" cases. I got the leather case and it scratches very easily and barely holds onto the device and does not cover it completely.
Feels 2-3x as fast as my Paperwhite 300dpi I bought last year. Clear screen, bright. The increased screen size is a nice boost when viewing magazines or web pages on the experimental browser. Build in Audible is a bonus. Now my listening to books will not be interrupted when I received messages or calls! Sorry Galaxy S8, it's back to talking and music for you.I still enjoy using my Kindle Touch now and then because of the ability to play mp3 files on it but I found the Touch's screen sensitivity way too high. I am glad that issue was fixed in the future generations of Kindles.
A bit heavier than the last oasis, but the bigger screen and extreme performance upgrade makes this very worthwile. I never really cared for the "Battery Case" on the old version because I like to read with the case off and the battery on the old device was short lived. This new Kindle Oasis is the premium device you expect when you pay this kind of premium.
This kindle would be a wonder if it didn't have two rather serious flaws.  First the battery life is poor.  I can live with this because I like the Kindle so much, but a disappointment.  The second flaw is that I'll be reading and through what must be an accidental touch on the screen, (I always use the buttons) the page will suddenly jump forward, sometimes many pages forward, and I have to go through a back button search to find my place again.On a positive note, I LOVE the larger screen.  I like to use a big font and appreciate more room for the display.  The light is impeccable with even consistency throughout the screen.  My biggest criticism of the Voyage was the narrow edges.  Adding one wide edge is a great adaptation for more comfortable and secure holding.  Since you can reverse the buttons, I was able to find a perfect fit by putting the forward page turn on the bottom rather than the default top position.  I find flipping the kindle to change hands a bit awkward but certainly no deal breaker and worth it for the larger area where your hand sits.I'd have given this kindle 5 stars except for the battery and tendency for the pages to jump forward.  It is my favorite kindle of all I've owned.  I haven't tried the audio option or dropping it in the tub, but I'll take the word of the rest of you, it lives up to its name!
The new Oasis has its strengths to be sure.  I won't bother repeating the sales pitch as that is Amazon's job.What falls short?- The size just became too large to fit in a back pocket.  So much for putting your kindle into your pocket and heading out the door.- It's noticeably heavier- The back is slick metal rather than rubberized on the the side you hold like the 1st gen OasisI would have preferred Amazon kept the 1st gen Oasis in their lineup and added this version as a higher end model. They now have a gap in the lineup in my view.I own a lot of kindles.  I read constantly and have a couple books going at any given time. I've had the new Oasis since its release date and read one book on it.  I went back to the 1st gen Oasis so I could continue to carry it anywhere, not drop it as easily, and not complain about the weight.If you can have just one kindle then I suggest you get the Voyage.  It has a great screen and is the perfect size for hauling around. It's cheaper as well.
I cant believe how many books Ive already read on this newest gen Oasis. It is the luxury vehicle of the e-readers, and I never thought Id need one (or quite frankly, like one) once I determined the Paperwhite was as good as Amazon got. But even with the slightly boxier dimensions and weird humpback edge, this redesign, even with the (much) higher price point, is worth every penny. You will read more. You will enjoy reading more. And youll find excuses to be waterside (bathtub, poolside, beachfront) just to use that extra handy feature too. My eyesight appreciates this newest model, my Goodreads challenge 2018 appreciates this newest model, and my husband deserves all the kudos for surprising me with this Oasis that I never knew I always wanted. If youve got the dough, or the loving significant other, or need to read more than you currently do, buy the Oasis! You wont regret it.
While reader itself looks stylish and elegant I'm really disappointed with it. It may be that my expectations were high but never the less I'm not looking fondly on this purchase.For starters, I can't figure out the existence of special offers with $250 flagship device. I thought that special offers may not bug me when I ordered my oasis but they do, and $250 price-tag with limited device features is not helping. I would need to shell additional $20 to get rid of them. To go more into the substance, one of the reasons why I ordered my oasis is audio support. It turns out that audio support is very restricting and limiting. Amazon is only allowing their proprietary audio format and their affiliated audio books. So if you were hoping to enjoy your previously purchased audio books in other formats, or to read audio books, from your local library or simply play podcasts or music, you will have to look somewhere else. Well, you may say there is text to speech audio feature. And yes there is but it is real pain in the neck to navigate to turn it on and to operate it because it is added as accessibility feature. I wish they have it as regular feature as well with simple shortcut commands. Going through it first time I had less and less desire to do text-to-speech again.One other feature which doesn't work seamlessly to me  is light. It seems oasis only has auto (which works fine during the day but you have to keep adjusting it in the evening) or you have to go through 3 steps via menu to turn lights on or off. I would prefer if there would be physical button to turn the light on or off and than to have the level adjustment via device software.For positives, device is very fast and responsive, reading itself is smooth and enjoyable and I do like introduction of physical buttons to turn pages, but I'm not sure that is enough to justify the purchase.I'm still going back and forth on returning the device. To me, with oasis' very restrictive audio features, either Kobo aura one with lower cost and larger screen or Kindle Paperwhite with slightly less screen real-estate but for more than half the price, may be better suited as e-readers of choice.
I am really happy with the device.I have to say, I bought it with two intentions. First, I wanted to know what was all the fuss about e-readers. I love technology and have tried anything new that comes out. So, when the oasis came out I had been itching to get it and examine it. Second readon why I bought it is because I love reading and I thought it could help me in a couple different ways.- I love paper books and always will, but I dont read them. I have a whole library in my room with books of all types. The problem, however, is that I don't read them. I've grown tired of carrying heavy books around and worry if the damage or what-not. I thought having a little device that could carry all of my books a great idea. So far I'm not dissapointed.- The other thing with paper books is that I get distracted and I am an axious person- when I read I keep flipping to the next pages and I keep looking at how many pages I have left. The kindle kinda helps me with that, because I can focus on the literature. I can turn off the location option and I'm just reading.  I also like the feature where I can listen and read (not at the same time) and never lose track of one or the other.  The reading is really comfortable. It actually feels like reading paper.  The goodreads integration is cool.  BORROWING DIGITAL BOOKS FROM THE LIBRARY IS A THING. It's amazing.The only thing I don't like is the fact that if I buy a physical book, I can't transfer it to the kindle... I guess that's obvious. I just wish physical books would come with a digital copy. I guess the money aspect is strange. It feels like an elite device. Spending 250-300 dollars on an online audio/bookshelf... sounds weird.  And considering the fact that you need to buy books in order to use it.... idk, man.If you can afford it, this is a great product for people who wants to read but travel a lot (and don't have tablets) or don't want to have books all over the house.
My previous Kindle was a DX; it lasted the better part of a decade so this one has a lot to live up to. The screen is very sharp. The menus are very simple to navigate. I like having the physical buttons for page turns. I find that if I have it propped up I use the touchscreen for page turns so both is nice. I've noticed two annoying things. One, Kindle isn't doing those active content games for these new models, and two, the wifi doesn't pick up the 5g band on home routers which is annoying because people like to put their guest wifi on that bandwidth.This thing is thin. I can even carry it in my jeans front pocket since I don't wear skinny jeans. I have probably put it on a charger 4 times in the first month with daily usage. I haven't hooked up my Bluetooth headphones yet, but if I do I will update.
The Kindle Oasis has a sharp clear picture and is easy to navigate. I dislike the cover tremendously. I would like a regular old fashioned leather one piece cover that doesn't fall off. I hope that someone is reading this! The premise of this idea of an e-reader that you could read in the bath, was promising. (You still have to hope it doesn't fall in!)
The Oasis is a great reader.  The larger screen is a big step forward vs the Paperwhite.  But do not believe the claim that the battery life is "weeks."  Substitute "hours" for "weeks."During normal use expect the battery to last 2 to 3 days.  That's assuming reading time of around 3 hours per day.Everything else is positive about the Oasis.  But do not believe the claim about battery life.
This e-reader is performing reasonably well.  My last Kindle was a Voyage, and I wasn't sure I'd like the larger shape of the Oasis, but it has been fine.The battery runs down much more quickly than the Voyage, which is disappointing as I was under the impression it would last longer.  I have to charge it at least once a week, where as I could get 2 weeks with the other one.I haven't dropped it in water to test whether it is actually waterproof.  I'll just hope it is.I think that I like reading this Kindle better due to the larger screen.
Worth the money, for a first time e-reader!Though my wife has been through several kindles (an early e-reader, and two different Kindle Fire's), this was my first move from the world of paperbacks and hardcovers.  The increased screen size vs. the 2016 model, the great "feel" of this lightweight device, the ease of operation in one hand, and integration with GoodReads have all combined to make this likely the first and last reader I'll own.  (I don't need it for email/facebook/etc, only use is for reading books, really.Nice to know it's waterproof.  Only downside was the lack of variety of cases for it, not wanting to lose the slim factor, I've opted for a couple of "sleeve" type cases.Go for it!
Converting from hard back books to a Kindle was a hard sell.  I agreed to try it and if I didn't like it I was to give it to another family member.  Other Kindle's screens were too small so I wouldn't try them.  I turns out I love this thing with it's bigger screen and I don't have to worry about it I'm sitting at the table in my pool.  The only thing negative is that I have to charge it every couple of days when I'm using it but that's because I binge read rather than a little every day.  Still, a Kindle with a little bigger screen would be better yet.  Make one with a screen at least the size of a normal paperback.
I have had Kindle's since they were released (I have never had a Fire model) - this is my ninth.  I currently have almost 2,600 books on Kindle, which seems to require over 10Gb storage, so I could never have all "on board" any of the previous white-screen models prior to the Oasis.  The 32Gb option accommodates my entire library with plenty to spare.  The slightly larger seven inch screen was also a factor.  Liked the reintroduction of the positive forward/backward buttons.
Pretty good reader.  Two draw backs: a) The thing is hard to hold onto with one hand.  I put a no-slip pad on the back and now it is fine.  and b) the touch screen page turn is an irritant and it can't be turned off.  I think if I had know how much of a bother this was going to be I would not have made the purchase.
I really love the size. It fits well in my hand. I am still learning the ins and outs. I was told by Amazon representative that it has a built-in antivirus.  I did not know that and how wonderful. I wish I did not have to use headphones, because I am having so much trouble finding the right ones that is suitable for my Oasis.
I really wanted to like the Oasis and I did with one major exception.  I loved the design, style, and feel while reading.  What I didn't like were the buttons.  They make a distracting noise every time you turn a page.  For this reason only, I returned it and bought a new Kindle Voyage with the Page Press buttons.  I love the Page Press feature.  It is silent and seamless for turning pages.  If Amazon put Page Press on the Oasis I would consider buying it again.
I am questioning the battery life here.  Received the product on release date 10/31. Charged it up, left it at home, and went on a trip. Returned last night 11/9 and found the Kindle out-of-battery.  Battery lasted 10 days or less since I don't know when it got drained.  Furthermore, the device was inactive all these time, this is contrary to the "weeks" claim on the product page.  Quite disappointed.
I own the first Oasis that came out, and really liked that one. Then I decided to get this one, and at first had mixed emotions, because you have to ignore an annoying page with books, but it isn't a big deal.  Just one click and it is gone. The dictionary is much better on this one. And they have foreign translations.  The battery lasts about six days, depending on the amount of reading you do, of course.  I'm a Kindle junkie.  I always want the latest one.  Doesn't matter that I have many good ones sitting around.
I've been using many generations of Kindles. This 7" one is definitely more comfortable on my eyes with better front lighting, and I truly enjoy the 30% larger area to display more words and require less page turns. The touchscreen is much snappier too.The unbalanced form factor with cold aluminium feel takes a little getting used to. I find the page turn buttons unnecessary. My thumb is usually placed higher than that as I do not want to balance the hard pointed edge of the Kindle on my palm. Also, pressing the buttons is more disruptive and takes more effort than the soft, casual tap at the edge.The battery lifespan is pretty bad. With Wifi on, it only takes 2 days before the full charge runs out, with a total of 6 - 8 hours of reading. I often have to turn off Wifi to prolong the battery.Reading PDFs is (still) cumbersome, and the navigation / zooming is atrocious. The screen flickers painfully between sections as you slowly drag the page around, and very often you lose the line you're at when jumping awkwardly between sections. Rendering pages with large images also present a significant lag. The better solution I found so far is to read it in portrait mode, which I can decently read without needing to zoom in, though I still have to jump up / down a few times to fully navigate the page.I also find the font choices quite limiting. Among all the fonts, I only use Futura which is easier on the eyes. I checked some forums and it seems that I can't install additional fonts myself. The new Bold adjustment option also only appears on certain, limited books.The dictionary's user interface still comes with the same flaw after so many generations. If you highlight a word that happens to be separated with the next word by an em dash, say "mywordsome other sentence", the dictionary does not break at "myword", and will incorrectly assume the "some" is part of the word you wish to lookup. There is no way to move the end cursor to adjust the word selection, so you're basically helpless if you wish to check words adjoined to the dash. Manually looking up a custom word is quite convoluted too.I'm not a fan of audiobooks, so I've not tested the Bluetooth audio yet. Or attempted reading in the bottom of the pool to test its waterproofing capabilities.In summary, the only (and best) feature that appeals to me compared to my previous Kindle Paperwhite is the larger screen. Other enhancements are pretty much negligible to me.
The battery life is horrible, by far the worst of any Kindle.  My Kindle Paperwhite lasts longer on a charge with wifi enabled than the Oasis with wifi turned off.  Very disappointed by that!
The new kindle reader is everything I expected. Better lighting of the screen. Larger screen and the ability to control the font (both font size and boldness) makes reading a lot easier.
It is very nice leather but vulnerable to minor scratches.  The fold out support stand will probably work OK on an airplane tray but doesn't help reading in bed or on a chair.  The big thing to note is that it is designed for right handers. Reversing it so the buttons are on the left side leaves the support stand folding out awkwardly.
I have every kindle that has been available and the oasis is by far my favorite. It is very light and the perfect size for at home or traveling. The fact that you can read anywhere without adjusting the light is awesome. I can sit outside under the sun and read or in my bed in the dark. I dont think I will be buying any hardback books for a long time. If you love the convenience of an e-reader then you will definitely love this one. Perfect for me.
This is my first Oasis kindle after using my beloved Kindle Voyage.  Firstly I am afraid the accelerator that flip the screen will be a distraction during reading in the bed, but actually it is not.  It is firmly enough not to  flip easily.The aluminium body makes using PopSockets in conjunction with Kindle Oasis 2 is a match in heaven.  I never read without PopSockets with my Kindle.
The metal case is very well made and feels great in the hand.  Having the battery be a single internal unit (as opposed to a second battery in the case like the previous version) is a plus.  The waterproofing appears to work well.  Overall, pleasing to hold and look at and use.The cover is a great disappointment; its not securely attached at all when folded open behind the Kindle.  This means that if you leave the device on a flat surface with the cover folded under it, the natural way to pick up the Kindle is to span its width in a thumb-and-fingers gradp; the slightest grip force causes the magnetic cover to slide off the smooth back of the reader.  Picking a device up in the most obvious way shouldnt cause it to come apart.Otherwise its a great unit, but its pretty expensive for what you get.
Nice print and does sit easy in your hands.  Battery is a disappointment though.
I have loved my Kindles since day one. I upgraded to this particular release due to the availability of expanded storage and am pleased it holds all my books (something I wanted, not needed).  At first the expanded width was annoying but I changed my reading page to portrait and have been extremely satisfied. Initially there were problems with it freezing while syncing new books but that appears to have resolved. Im not ready to give a five star rating as the battery capacity does not seem to hold as long as I was accustomed to however that may be due to how frequently I was opening and shutting down while caring for someone who was quite ill as it now appears to be lasting as long or longer than my Kindle Voyage.
This is my first e-reader so I cant compare it with any other experience, except for a free phone app. All I can say is I love it and I have stopped reading on my phone for the past month since I got it. The Oasis has a smooth book-like read and it just feels better. Its easier on my eyes and lighter. The reading experience is marvelous and I combined my purchase with a cover and screen protector. All items are a pleasure. So glad I made this purchase and never going back to the free app.
The features I like are the automatic light setting based on the ambient light, the fact that it is water resistant (although I have yet to test this claim),the somewhat larger screen, the ease of changing print size and the added manual page turn buttons.  What I really do not like is the short battery life.  I get approximately 6 hours of battery life whereas on my Kindle White i got 24 - 30 hours of battery life. Overall I am satisfied with the new Kindle but am not sure of its 350+ price over the old Kindle White.
The display is sharp and clear. I like the single pair of buttons for page forward and back. I bought this because of the water resistant feature as my wife likes to read on a float in the pool (with occasional disastrous results in the past).I dont like the fact that it is so wide. I am used to slipping the reader in my pants pocket and with some pants it just doesnt fit.  And, I find it a bit harder to hold and handle than the previous versions.I would like it better if an option was available which would permit one to turn off the touchscreen. When I pick it up sometimes I inadvertently touch the edge of the screen and skip back several pages. This is a particular problem with this unit because the screen frame border is so small on one side. This also means that one cannot hold it by the side opposite the buttons because the is insufficient room to hold it without accidentally touching the screen and activating the page back function.  So one is forced to invert the device even if one is just momentarily shifting the unit to pick up a drink, for example.
I really like this. The reason I bought this to replace my damaged (by me) earlier Kindle is I really liked the more square book like format which makes it easier to read. The buttons being customizable was also really helpful. I have the lower button set as page forward which is more comfortable as I happen to hold the device. The swipe ability is still there. The control panels are somewhat more advanced. The setup was easy and quick with my library loading to the new device with no problems.
Okay so I know I just got the 2016 Oasis 12 months ago but when I heard this one was waterproof I had to try it out.  Not only is it easy to hold and the cover is not a battery that keeps disengaging, its better on battery life.  Maybe expensive but this could very well be the last Kindle I need to upgrade.Good job Amazon!
Love how lightweight the device is, and screen quality & battery life are excellent. The form factor presents some difficulty, as the lower corner digs into your hand when using the device one-handed. Some type of rubber bumper or pad on the bottom corners would be of great benefit. In addition, it's easy to accidentally change pages if your thumb creeps over to the active portion of the screen (disclaimer: I have large hands).All in all I am very pleased with the purchase and the new Oasis is a great advancement in the product line./TCPilot
Good product, but has some problems.PROS1. Big screen.2. Lots of light levels available.3. The form factor with the "handle" section on the side is useful in some scenarios.  The buttons are useful in some scenarios, but I use them about half the time.4. Waterproof!  This means its safe to read in the tub or jacuzzi, without having to put it in a ziploc bag.CONS1. Hugely reduced battery life compared to my previous Voyager.  Like I'm seriously shocked how quickly the battery runs down.I haven't done detailed measurements, like some other reviewers, but it's very short.  As in ... 3-4 days of reading will burn the battery down.And thats in airplane mode (ie, radios off), page refresh off, and reasonable brightness.The battery life on my Voyager was far, far longer.  I have no idea why the battery is so bad on this, very expensive device.2. Price.  It's hugely expensive.  Only serious enthusiasts would pay this much for the device (I am one, I consume alot of books).3. Slippery to hold without a case.  It's really not very hand friendly without a case, as its just slippery metal.SUMMARYI'm not sure if I would buy it again.  Most people should not buy this device, due to its cost and quality issues.The screen is great, but the battery life is really, really annoying.I've got to assume that its some sort of manufacturing issue, maybe they got a bad batch of batteries or something.  If not, then they specifically made a much larger kindle that has a much smaller battery.
I like the new Oasis reader.  Had the Voyage and previous editions prior.  Have to agree with other reviews that the battery on this one does not hold a charge long at all.  My previous readers I may have had to charge once a week.  This one I am charging every other day.  Do not know if it is the added audio function.  I have only used it briefly to test it out.  The size and shape take some getting used to but once you do you do not even notice it.  Overall it works and I still am a Kindle lover!!!
This is my first Kindle, I've had Kobo ereaders before, and I love it.  The screen is amazing, at least as good as my Kobo, but the light is more even on the Oasis.  The Oasis feels as light as a feather, much lighter than my old Kobo and much lighter than holding a paperback book.  I'm very happy with my purchase so far.  The only downside is that it is expensive.  As good as the device is, it still seems overpriced to me.  Maybe $50 cheaper and I wouldn't have felt this way.
Love the big screen but it feels heavier than the earlier 6" Oasis.  The older version felt like the weight was better distributed.  The back is also slippery so grip is an issue.  For those with sweaty palms, long term use is a problem.  The answer to that is to get a case but that just adds to the weight.Other than that, its ok.
I love my new Oasis 2.  I had most of the new kindles as they were released.  Each one seems a little better, than the last. It is very light.  I have it in a stand flip cover, so I dont have to hold it when I am reading.  I just prop it up on my lap.  I like the different fonts and how bold they are, making it so easy for my eyes.  I have been using it constantly since I got it in November.  I like having the buttons again, which I can use or ignore.  It feels like a friend.
This is my first Kindle and I do love it. The type is so clear and easy to look at for long periods. The battery life will not be "weeks" if you read a lot as I do, however it is more than enough to be manageable. I wish I had known that when the screen flashes black it is simply refreshing. The Kindle community quickly educated me. Don't forget to check out the overdrive app through your library. They have a great Kindle selection. Peace.
This E reader is the best I have come across great screen and the lighting is top notch better than the first one and a little larger but still great to hold and feels just like a book. Also water proof which is great in case of spills or near a pool or lake. If you are an avid reader like me you will appreciate this reader for not only saving you book shelf space but also for plenty of space to hold more books than ever before.
What I love about the Oasis is the wider screen and the option to turn the pages with side buttons.  I prefer to use my left hand for this and the screen easily and instantly rotates to the correct orientation.  Initially it was irritating when I would accidently touch the screen and the page would turn.  Then I discovered the option of turning the touch screen off and I was thrilled.  The battery does not seem to be as good as in my former Paper White and in fact I wonder if this is a defect with my device.  In general I am quite pleased with this E-Reader and hope to enjoy it over the next few years.
The majority of 5* reviews about the new Oasis make many of the points that I would in a review. However, the one aspect of the new Oasis which kept me from awarding a 5th star is the back material. I like its shape and color but the back surface is too slick. It was the first thing I noticed and disappointing. You really need a cover for this to feel secure in your hand. Which leads me to the waterproof feature. What good is this when you have a cover? I opted for the leather cover but will look to alternates as they hit the market. Until then, happy reading!EDIT: After 4 months of use I am down rating my Kindle to 1 star. The battery life is getting shorter and shorter. At the beginning I got 7-10 days. Now, with the same settings, I have to recharge every 4 days. The form factor, metal back, is too slippery and cold to the touch. Wish I hadn't purchased the Oasis!
I like my Oasis. It was difficult to justify paying this much for an e reader but I haven't regretted it for a moment. It is a great e reader for me. It's a Kindle, my preferred brand of e reader. I enjoy the Audible function, the bigger screen and the ergonomic grip. When reading, I love having the option to use the physical buttons or using the touchscreen. Also,I feel more at ease knowing it's waterproof if I have my glass of water sitting near it.For the next iteration of the Oasis model, I would suggest adding a headphone jack. From some reason, every once in awhile (not too often) my Bluetooth headset doesn't want to "pair" with the Oasis. Even though, they have connected before. It takes a few minutes to get the two items to work with one another. In those moments, it would be nice to plug in a headset and keep the day going.I purchased a cover ( that completely covers the back part of the kindle ) to keep the metal corner of the Oasis from jabbing into my palm. Also,  I noticed the battery runs down faster than the Paperwhite. However, I do use the audible function occasionally. In order to extend my battery charge, I keep the Oasis on airplane mode unless I need to download a new book. And I turn off the auto brightness function since I read in similar environments/settings.I enjoy my Oasis and I don't regret my purchase. It works well for me.
Works great. A bit expensive for an e-reader, but it is worth the money if you are an avid reader. Water proof was a big selling point for me. The display looks excellent in any lighting condition. All of the features work perfectly so far. Switching to audiobook and back, connecting to Goodreads works great. I can take it from reading in my house, connect to my car bluetooth and continue from the same page listening while I drive. I love this device!
This is the best ever Kindle.....and I have owned all models of Kindle.  the biggest improvement for me is adjustments for poor vision.  You can change it to white letters on black background and there is another adjustment that makes the letters a little fatter for better contrast.  (I'm not talking about font choices here.)  It also charges faster.  I did a full charge using the power cord to a wall outlet and it charged in less than 2 hours.  It also downloads faster.  I love this model.A minor point......I would like to see an improved way for attaching it to its cover so that it doesn't come off so easily.  Not a deal breaker.  If and when they have a sale on this model I will buy a second one to use for my newspaper and non fiction books.
Huge storage capacity, download speed is fast and reliable, device is lightweight and easy / intuitive to use; all books purchased successfully downloaded in seconds!  Ambient lighting is excellent, as is control over font size, and I like the larger 7" size.  One drawback: downloading / wifi drains the battery - therefore, there are shorter intervals than advertised between recharging.  Do not believe the advertising blurb of 'lasts for weeks' without recharging - though I have not yet tried 'reading-only'.  I also have not tested the water-proofing - nor do I have any experience with other e-readers.  In my limited opinion, this device is top-notch, and most enjoyable to own / use!  Highly recommended - and highly addictive!
I think this is my 5th or 6th kindle so far. I really like the oasis for its water resistance, its larger screen, and its audible capabilities. And its still super light! My one complaint is where the charging plug goes into the kindle. It is directly opposite the power button. So you are forced to turn off/on your kindle if you plug it in. Its a minor nuisance but a nuisance all the same.
Very convenient size (my 1st Kindle). The battery charge isn't up to the advertised standard. Very easy reading in both bright and low light. I really like the fact that you can carry several books in one compact devise. I would prefer if the ebooks would show the actual page numbers as you would see them in a print copy. Not sure how I lost my place - just tap the lower right to turn a page, seems extremely easy "but", I did loose my place and finding where I left off was neither quick nor simple. Extremely easy, almost too easy, to get new books.
I liked my previous Kindle Oasis so ordered the 2017 Kindle Oasis because of one of the catching statements "Keep readinga single charge lasts weeks, not hours." I found this not to be true. Maybe because the 2017 Oasis has so many more features with it, my Kindle 2017 Oasis will not stay charged for a week, so sure can't count on "weeks." Some days I like to read about two+ hours a day. Within three to four days I have to charge the 2017 Oasis. The charge definitely  doesn't last even a week--7 days!!!!!! The statement in quotes was a big sales point for me, but for me not a true one.I still like my Kindle 2017 Oasis because of the numerous features, but am very disappointed about having to charge it often. Would like to know what the Kindle technicians had in mind for how much a person should limit the reading to per day so a single charge will last "weeks."
Excellent device.  I have owned most of the Kindles since the 2nd one and I think the Oasis is the best.  I own the 1st generation Oasis also.  I prefer the 2nd generation because of the larger screen but the aluminum back is slippery so that the 1st generation is more comfortable to read with out of the cover.  Also, the cover for the 2nd generation Oasis is not one of the best ones Amazon has made.  The stand works poorly and the cover often comes off.  The device itself, however, is excellent.
Comparison against my Kindle Voyage:Pluses- It's more ergonomic and less tiring holding it with one hand (without the Amazon cover).- The dedicated page turn buttons are more responsive.- Can be held by either hand. The text orientation and page turn buttons will automatically switch themselves accordingly.- The combination of the larger screen and the revised font scaling in the latest firmware (5.9.2) allows me to get just the right font size (size 5 to be exact) for me. With Voyage, size 4 was too small and size 5 was a bit too big to my liking after the latest firmware upgrade.- Quick battery charging. The battery could be fully charged from about 20% to full within 1 hour using my normal smartphone charger (not a quick charger).- Smoother page refresh.Minuses- It's no longer pocketable.- I concur with other reviewers that the screen is not as 'white' as Voyage.Similar- The ambient light sensor almost always dimmed the screen illumination too much, so I have disabled the sensor .- No noticeable change in battery life.Will I recommend existing Voyage owners upgrade to the all new Oasis? Absolutely yes. It's true the new Oasis costs more, I figured that I could breakeven in less than a year considering that I read over 30 books a year, and each Kindle book saves me USD8 or more. Hardcopy books are very expensive in MalaysiaHappy Kindling!
I am enjoying my Oasis.  I have used other readers and this stands apart.  Easy to hold, substantial memory, clear screen, and comfortably readable.  Perfect size for air travel.  My only minor issue is screen brightness seems to fluctuate once and a while during a long reading session.  I can't determine if it is an undocumented feature or something to be concerned about.  Not a big enough issue to take away from the 5 star rating.
Received the new Kindle oasis earlier then predicted, which immediately made me feel good, after opening the unit and playing with it, I began using the features and was pleased it was everything the promo's said it was.I particularly liked the page buttons, and the ease of use on the sizing of the print, and the background lighting.  I am especially happy about the waterproofing, (unable to test it,) but as I travel often and spend time at pools, and beaches it is one less thing to think about.Myself I would recommend it to my friends and the only drawback to me was the price range.
I upgraded from a Paperwhite kindle that I lost at the gym, and have just finished my first book on the new machine. I like the 32g storage capacity and the fact that this machine is waterproof. The screen is slightly brighter, but not appreciably better in terms of resolution or contrast. I was surprised to discover that the battery life doesn't seem significantly improved over the Paperwhite. It doesn't last for "weeks" unless the wifi is turned off and the backlight is not running full out.  Accidental page turns have been a problem, probably because I'm used to the previous system. I'm hoping this works out over time. The aluminum case of the Oasis is more slippery than the resin case of the Paperwhite, so I've ordered a leather case that I hope will improve the grip.
I am loving my new Oasis. I really love the feature of being able to turn it around and still use the buttons with the same orientation in either direction. Sometimes I hold it with my left hand and am able to press the top button to page forward or I can turn it around and hold it in my right hand and still use the top button to page forward. It is great.  I also like the backlight and hand grip makes it easier to hold.
I like all aspects except the battery life, which is definitely NOT as advertised.  My paperwhite got 7-10 days on a charge, as opposed the  oasis with 3-5 days.  And that's with it on airplane mode at all times, and the screen brightness turned down.  I expect better of Amazon.  I also emailed tech support about this and received no reply.
This eReader is nice to havThis eReader is nice to have. It is however very overpriced for what you get. One of its big shortcomings is the inability to read text without having first purchased from Audible. Being the earlier models could do this little feature tells me .that you deliberately took it out. I consider this an obvious attempt to separate me from my money a I have been a Amazon fan for several years but I am beginning to become disenchanted
This was a nice upgrade from the 1st generation kindle I've been using for over 10 years.  Nice screen and much lighter than my previous kindle e-reader.  The battery life is excellent.  Touch screen is very responsive, and fun to use unlike the keyboard on my previous kindle e-reader.
battery life was not as advertised, this was a big selling point for me.  I have to charge approximately every 5 days which is the same as my old voyager.  I have the wi-fi off and I put the oasis asleep when I finish reading and it makes no difference.
..UPDATE...WELL I HAVE HAD THIS FOR A WHILE AND IM LIKING IT.  I HAVE GOTTEN USED TO IT.  I STILL THING IT IS TOO SLIPPERY BUT THE POP SOCKET SAVES IT.  I DONT THINK I WOULD HAVE BEEN ABLE TO USE IT WITHOUT IT.. AMAZON YOU HAVE TO MAKE IT WITH THE MATERIAL YOU USED ON PREVIOUS ONES.  I DONT NEED MY READER TO LOOK CLASSIER I NEED TO BE ABLE TO HOLD IT.  :)I just received my new Oasis yesterday.  I think I have had just about every Kindle except the Voyage which I sent back.  The first thing I noticed of course is the larger screen which is really nice, and how thin and light it is.  Then I realized how annoying it is to hold and read.  Yes it is slippery like others have commented but it goes beyond that.  I just can't seem to hold it in a comfortable way and still be able to use the buttons.. which I wanted...and not accidentally press the screen and turn the page..( which you can't turn off)  very annoying. I think having a screen without a bevel also adds to the problem even if it looks really nice.. The solution is to put a Pop Socket on it.  Its the only way i can hold it comfortably.  It made a HUGH difference. I put those on everything.......The other issue is the adaptive lighting.  Either it doesn't work or it takes a long time to kick in.  I don't know yet if it might be a problem just with my unit, I'm going to keep an eye on it.  I really wanted that feature after seeing it work on th Voyage.  I still haven't figured out the reason for the Nightlight feature when you have the adaptive light feature.I do like that I can make the text bolder, that helps a lot.  People have mentioned that the text is not as sharp, I don't think it's too much different.So will I be keeping it? I probably will once I get used to it and as long as the adaptive light is working correctly and my Pop Socket stays on..... For what it costs I'm going to be much pickier and I want to be 100% happy with it especially when I had been perfectly happy with my paperwhite.
I keep trying hard to like the Oasis. I had 3 of the first edition but the lighting was bad on all of them - the "cone effect" along the edges was bad. They've fixed that in this new version. But I still reluctantly prefer the Voyage.Pros: 7" screen is great; lighting is great; faster response is really great; waterproof is great. I really like it BUT:Cons: These taken all together are deal breakers for me: The metal back is slippery which is an issue since the device is larger than the Voyage and harder to hold; I don't like the page turn buttons - the click is annoying; and the screen is so responsive to touch that I am constantly turning pages, sometimes several, by mistake and then can't find where I was. If Steve Jobs had been responsible for the design I know this would be a marvelous device. Come on Jeff Bezos, do this right! Also you need to have a much better UI in general, with some customizations. A high end e-reader could be magnificent - but this just isn't.
If you can work your way past the price point, the new Kindle Oasis is by far the best eReader ever: bright screen, comfortable in the hand, silky smooth operation. Minor quibble: for avid readers, the battery may only last a few days (not really a problem as it recharges quickly). Sure it's overpriced, but so is one night in a middling hotel or a budget-busting meal that just isn't worth the money. Make the leap here and you'll have something that will provide a pleasurable reading experience for a very long time. If you are passionate about reading and are feeling flush, this is the way to go.
The Oasis has sharper text and a somewhat larger screen than my older paperwhite. I'm not completely convinced that the experience is that much better, but I do used an e-reader constantly so the improvements that come along do matter. A few ounces lighter, a bit more battery life and buttons in addition to page-swipe are appreciated as well.
I like that the Oasis is waterproof, something Ive wanted since getting my first Kindle in 2007. I dont believe the battery lasts very long, even with it in airplane mode it seems to drain faster than my other Oasis. I find the top of the reading surface on the device to be sharp on my fingertips, its hard to hold the back side for me. I read in bed and find myself trying to prop it up with my blanket. I miss the smaller size of the previous Oasis. If Amazon would make the paperwhite waterproof that would be ideal.
I found a pinhole like dust under the screen that glows with the LED backlight, it distracts me from reading, amazon should tighten the quality control of the screen. Totally unacceptable for a new device to be sold like that.
I really like the new Oasis. I had an older model Paperwhite and decided to upgrade when this came out and I am glad I did.  I like having the buttons for page turning and the lighting is better.  Also, I really like the bigger screen.  I am very happy with my purchase!
I have been a long time fan of the Kindle (though I did have an affair with nooks for a while). This Kindle is by far my favorite. It is light and balanced in such a way that I can read for extended periods (which happens more often than not). So far, I have read 2 full books and am working on a third (and still haven't had to charge it).I'm a little torn on the no case/ case issue with this version. I have always had a case on mine, and the way this one is designed, a case would defeat the purpose. That said, I still desire a case to protect it.Aside from that one issue, I absolutely love my new Kindle.
This is my first E-reader and I love it! The battery life is much better than my fire. I also feel like I can read longer on my Oasis than my fire. I would say it is a little over priced but I do not regret my purchase.
I love my new Kindle Oasis, BUT...I am constantly having to restart the silly thing, as it won't always connect to my wireless bose headphones.  The headphone will say they are connected to Kindle, but the kindle won't show any connection, and when i try to connect, it will say unable, then, I have to go into the setting, and restart the device... and pushing "restart device" doesn't always work, sometimes i have to chose that option twice, and sometimes it doesn't resart, but feezes, and I have to hold the "power button" down for at least 30 sec to get it to restart.  I hope they update soon to resolve these issues.
I liked the size of screen, but I had a problem with the auto adjust.  when it was dark in the room the screen got darker and when it was light in the room it would not adjust.  I am giving it 4 stars because Amazon is the best place to buy and they  back up their products.  I still like the reader but the cost is a bit high.  I hope in the next few months they put it on sale and inprove on the kinks.  I will repurchase then.
I received the Kindle Oasis for Christmas.  I love it.  The charge stays "forever" .  My 6 yr. old Kindle needed to be charged almost daily for several hours - which I understand.  It was time for a new one.  Also love the button on side to change pages back and forth.  Not necessary to touch the screen - big help, especially when you're wearing gloves.  My only  negative comment is that the book was in "Russian".  I had to have somebody change that screen to "English".  However, as soon as I went to turn Kindle on.  The "Russian box" remained on front page in front of my recent purchases.  It was just a little ridiculous.  There should be a box like that in English to help newcombers get acquainted with the Oasis.  I also love the way you can hold the Kindle on your lap with your right hand and it doesn't slide.
This new Kindle Oasis is a major improvement over the prior version, which I did not like at all. This screen size is more comfortable, and the whole thing is very solidly built.somehow, never mind what I do, I keep liking to have a kindle. I can read books on my tablet, or my phone, but my tablet is often too large and the phone too small, but I can always find a spot to stash a kindle.
This kindle is by far the best one they have produced yet. I purchased it for my wife and she never leaves home without it. with its anti-glare screen, she can read it anywhere and anytime. I got her an iPad previously but the glare made it impossible to read anywhere but in the house. The selections on Amazon's books and their download anywhere feature to make it ideal for traveling and out beach trips.
I received the Kindle Oasis for my birthday, having previously used Kindle on my iPad. I have found the Oasis to be user UN-friendly, and not intuitive. Using bluetooth to listen to audio books was not only a challenge to figure out, but using it consistently involves more steps than with the iPad.  Most importantly, the way the library is presented is very confusing since the Store is consistently promoting other books on my main screen.  I also strongly prefer the screen of the iPad because the Oasis screen is dark and grey. Finally, I like to highlight when I read, taking notes. Not only is that harder on the Oasis, but I don't see the highlights of others who've read the book.If I could return this birthday gift without offending the giver, I would do that.
I love the larger screen and the even display lighting. It feels great in the hand. The buttons have just the right amount of click to them. I have two complaints. Please be aware that if you borrow ebooks from the library they cannot be downloaded over the 4G Lte connection. You will have to connect to wifi. My second complaint is poor battery life. The battery does not last for weeks as advertised. I have to recharge this after about eight hours of reading. This is with the brightness level at 10.
I owned a Kindle Keyboard, Voyage and now the Oasis.  Of the three, I loved the Voyage and wish I could have replaced my damaged one with the same configuration.  Unfortunately, Voyage with cellar access is not available.  Of the three e-readers, I find the Oasis the hardest to hold.  It is one inch wider than the Voyage, making it too wide to hold comfortably with one hand.  It is difficult to slip into a small purse or a pocket.  (You know it's too large when Amazon sells shoulder strap carrying cases just for the e-reader!) I am an avid reader who reads about 2 hours per day.  At the airport, I could not slide the Oasis into my pocket while boarding.  The larger size and the uneven weight distribution made the Oasis a less comfortable and more distracting reading experience.  My recommendation would be to save the money and buy the Voyage or Paperwhite. The best e-reader will be the one you don't know your using.
What I like the most is the crisp, easier-to-read text w/ adjustable lighting.  Also it is much easier to write on when searching for an author or a title.  However I find the new shape and size more difficult to handle; I cannot hold, read and change pages using just one hand which made it so easy to read while traveling, standing in line, etc.  Additionally when my fingers accidentally slide over the margin and touch the lighted panel, it turns a page and I have to then turn back to the page I was reading.  I find it a bit more complicated and less intuitive to use.  For these reasons I find myself reverting to my old Kindle.
This is my 4th Kindle.  All previous ones still work but as I am an avid reader I want to keep them upgraded.  This is pricey but AWESOME!  I could not have designed it better if I had done it myself.  Looking forward the years of wonderful reading.
This is my first kindle and I couldn't more satisfied. I charge it overnight (that long might not be necessary, but convenient for me) and it lasts for days and days. There is no glare or brightness to irritate my eyes. I haven't fully explored all the little "things" the Kindle Oasis can do, but so far I am impressed.My one and only problem so far is that when I am finished reading a book and choose "remove from device" I can still see it. There HAS to be a way to totally remove all traces of a book that has been read, right? Please? Right?  The books I am done with that I see every time I open the Kindle Oasis irritate my OCD.  If anyone has a resolution for this, please share with me.
