The covering over the wires seems a bit thicker so they are more durable. The end connectors are well mounted and sturdy. Many of our charging cables tear apart right at the top. It looks likes the wires are frayed. These cables seem to be made sturdier. It also charge and sync well with my phone.Now this part may be all on my head but this cable set does seem to charge faster. We all have our favorite chargers and this one is all of ours. I would highly recommend the cable to any of my friends.
Avoid these if you can.  Pay a bit for more a quality charger.  Even with just one device plugged into the 1 amp port these will overheat to the point where you can smell something burning and barely hold them in your hand.  Not well engineered...
The ten foot cord eliminates the issue of cord being too short but now no matter where I am sitting within ten feet of an outlet I could have my phone being charged well. The gold mixed gray makes it easier to find in a backpack or car. The braided cable is heavy and feels solid. I really like this cable and I also like the warranty and tech support that Ifaxnn provides. It is a amazing thing that have these cords as backups.
Nice sturdy earphones. The volume control is analog which I actually prefer. I ordered knockoff fake EarPods once and the volume control had a mind of its own. This one is a slider and is reliable. The sound quality is also good.
It's fine as long as you don't try to plug in more than one item. Tried to plug in 2 iPhones and I'm not sure what was happening, butmy devices just freaked out.  I re-ordered my Lectronic Smart by Conair.  I've had one for 6 months and never an issue.
Bought 1 month ago. Since there are 5 one single charger hasnt been used too much. The blue one has stopped charging all together. No apparent physical signs just no juice is getting through. The silvers cord tip broke off and will not work.
I havent had this package for more than 10 minutes.  I take one cord out, plug it in, and it begins charging my phone like it should.  I lift my phone, then hear the 2 vibrations letting me know its charging.  Problem is, it kept doing it.  For whatever reason, the male end of the charger doesnt really want to fit like it should.  This has always been a problem with my iPhone.  It immediately knows that a foreign plug is being inserted into it.  If Apple would give you 2 cords longer than a popsicle stick, I probably wouldnt be experiencing this problem.  Anyways, for review purposes, I own an iPhone 6s Plus.
Two of the cables stopped working. Im on my 3rd one in 17 days. Good thing I have a few. Wonder how long this one will last. They seemed very sturdy. They just stopped working.Adding a comment: a little over a month later 3 have quit working. Im on the 4th of 5. These are bad.
Work very well. Charges my phone well and love the 10ft length. so, I can sit in bed and not worry about the distance of the outlet. Works great in the car as well, we can have these plugged in the front and they are long enough to extend to our second row so the kids can charge their tablets while using them.
This cable seems to be made of good quality material. It does a good job charging my iPhone and my iPad. I don't get the annoying message saying "device not approved by Apple" which usually leads to my device not recognizing the cable and not charging my device. In a word, really happy with this cord.
The covering over the wires seems a bit thicker so they are more durable. The end connectors are well mounted and sturdy. Many of our charging cables tear apart right at the top. It looks likes the wires are frayed. These cables seem to be made sturdier. It also charge and sync well with my phone.Now this part may be all on my head but this cable set does seem to charge faster. We all have our favorite chargers and this one is all of ours. I would highly recommend the cable to any of my friends.
Avoid these if you can.  Pay a bit for more a quality charger.  Even with just one device plugged into the 1 amp port these will overheat to the point where you can smell something burning and barely hold them in your hand.  Not well engineered...
The ten foot cord eliminates the issue of cord being too short but now no matter where I am sitting within ten feet of an outlet I could have my phone being charged well. The gold mixed gray makes it easier to find in a backpack or car. The braided cable is heavy and feels solid. I really like this cable and I also like the warranty and tech support that Ifaxnn provides. It is a amazing thing that have these cords as backups.
Nice sturdy earphones. The volume control is analog which I actually prefer. I ordered knockoff fake EarPods once and the volume control had a mind of its own. This one is a slider and is reliable. The sound quality is also good.
It's fine as long as you don't try to plug in more than one item. Tried to plug in 2 iPhones and I'm not sure what was happening, butmy devices just freaked out.  I re-ordered my Lectronic Smart by Conair.  I've had one for 6 months and never an issue.
Bought 1 month ago. Since there are 5 one single charger hasnt been used too much. The blue one has stopped charging all together. No apparent physical signs just no juice is getting through. The silvers cord tip broke off and will not work.
I havent had this package for more than 10 minutes.  I take one cord out, plug it in, and it begins charging my phone like it should.  I lift my phone, then hear the 2 vibrations letting me know its charging.  Problem is, it kept doing it.  For whatever reason, the male end of the charger doesnt really want to fit like it should.  This has always been a problem with my iPhone.  It immediately knows that a foreign plug is being inserted into it.  If Apple would give you 2 cords longer than a popsicle stick, I probably wouldnt be experiencing this problem.  Anyways, for review purposes, I own an iPhone 6s Plus.
Two of the cables stopped working. Im on my 3rd one in 17 days. Good thing I have a few. Wonder how long this one will last. They seemed very sturdy. They just stopped working.Adding a comment: a little over a month later 3 have quit working. Im on the 4th of 5. These are bad.
Work very well. Charges my phone well and love the 10ft length. so, I can sit in bed and not worry about the distance of the outlet. Works great in the car as well, we can have these plugged in the front and they are long enough to extend to our second row so the kids can charge their tablets while using them.
This cable seems to be made of good quality material. It does a good job charging my iPhone and my iPad. I don't get the annoying message saying "device not approved by Apple" which usually leads to my device not recognizing the cable and not charging my device. In a word, really happy with this cord.
These seem to work for a few months for me, but gradually became unreliable. Two of them now only charge when plugged in one direction--strange, since you're supposed to be able to turn the lightning plug over and it shouldn't matter. Even worse was when it says it's charging, but after all night it's only 50% charged.
I got these cables because the normal iPhone cables generally break/wear out towards the lightning connection.  I hoped these would solve that problem and they have.The problem I have with these cables is they seem to have an issue when under load.  I use the USB connection in my vehicle to connect my phone.  The music plays great until my battery is around 50%.  At this time the cable seems to struggle with playing music and charging.  My music starts to sound like a scratched CD or I loose connection altogether.
I usually don't write reviews but this is a terrible charger. I bought them for my kids and me and they stopped working after a week well one did. The other 3 you have to fiddle with and the top fell off of one and the other one says device not supported. I'm very disappointed in this product!
Keeping track of charging cords in a house with several users ia a nasty challenge.  Someone always accuses me of taking theirs.  No more!  the color coding is the best feature.  They work fine so far.
If you own a recent Apple Product, you know the frustration of finding a reliable charging cable thats also Apple certified. After about an hour of searching for the perfect cable, I stumbled upon this one. I ordered this 8pm on a Wednesday night, I received it the very next day. The first thing I noticed was how well this item was packaged, second was how well built the actually cable is. If you are looking for a great cable, I highly recommend this one.
These cords were terrible. Every cord charged slowly and/or stopped working completely after a few days. Additionally, their charging was very spotty with messages coming up on my iPhone saying that "This accessory may not be compatible with this device."
I bought 3 of these 10FT cables for my iphone. These cables are high quality and seem much more durable than other cables. The connector has a tight fit and the cable seems rugged, definitely stiffer than other cables. I am happy with that these 3x 10ft all charge well with my iphone .
Do not buy these charger cords or plug ins for your iphone or ipad. We've gone through every one of them, and they sometimes charge, and sometimes don't, and it says it's charging in the beginning, and then you check on it and it stopped charging. We've turned them over, tried using their different cords and plug ins. The only way I will remove these comments is if they provide a refund of the product.
I am really very pleased with this Lightning cable. It's got a braided cable that is very stable and of good quality, the ends are very sturdy and well-made and I have not received any errors on my iPhone when using it. It charges well and I'm very happy with it.
This unit, despite having two USB ports, will NOT charge two devices simultaneously.  My friend and I both have an iPhone 6 and we plugged both into the charger- they began going crazy as the charging base seemed to throttle the two.  Why would you design a base with two USB ports if the device isn't able to power two USB devices at the same time?2/5.  It got two stars because it works for one device at a time and the shipper was kind enough to send two devices when I purchased to make up for the obvious defect.
Bought these and they're overall a good deal.  The ends that plug into the phone can become disconnected and unusable after a few weeks though but since you get 5 for less than 15 bucks that's a pretty good deal unless you have really destructive teenagers living in your home and using your iphone cords like I do.
I ordered this because our new family room furniture has four charging ports but only three cables worked...I like the idea that with five colors they wouldnt be any fights about who took their cable
Love the length and the material of these (chew-proof for pets), but the little metal piece that plugs into the phone bends incredibly easily and renders the charger completely useless. All 3 of mine were ruined in a month or two. :/
These are fantastic! They came faster than expected, they charge electronic devices extremely fast, and they are reliable as well as extremely mobile. Definitely worth the money! Multi AMP option is nice. Some devices require 1.0A and others more charging power. This plug allows you to choose 2.1A or 1.0A charging. I plug my vape on the 1.0A and I plug my S Galaxy 6 in the 2A. No problems. No smells. No device dis-functionality.
These are great for home and office.
Absolutely horrible. Neither of mine could utilize both charging ports at the same time without constantly dropping the charge connection and even with 1 port in use the charging speed left much to be desired.
This seems like it might not break easily! It really feels like the most durable cable I have ever owned for anything.The cable does charge reasonably quick. I plugged in my phone with about 80% battery and within a few minutes it was charged up to about 95%. This is nice because sometimes I really don't have enough time to fully charge my phone.The length is a good for me, really love it.
Update:All but two have stopped working. Very disappointed. Was hopping they would last but they did not. :( .Nicely designed, very stylish however , One cord was not working from when I opened the package, very disappointing, hope they last :/
Gets hot! So I don't trust leaving this plugged in which makes it a pain to reach behind bed constantly to keep unplugging after use. Was looking for one that I could leave set up at nightstand but this is not the one!UPDATE..company sent replacement and this set seems to be better. Nice to see a company that cares about customer satisfaction.
These are junk, not worth the money. Within a few weeks, the cable stops working if you bend the end too much (like, at all). So you have to position the cable just right if you want it to work. Then a few weeks later the mini USB jack gets loose and eventually breaks off. I threw these useless cables away within a couple months.
Not nearly as powerful as advertised. Gets hella-hot when charging an iPad Air on the higher amp plug, and cannot charge an iPhone at the same time... If I try, the iPad charge flickers on-and-off with. Still for the price, it's OK. just afraid to leave it to charge unattended, for fear that the whole things melts... fine to keep chargign while I am in the office.
purchased this because I read in bed late at night and my original Kindle Fire chord was just too short to from outlet to bed and I need to be able to read beyond the stored energy.  It's good quality nylon....fits my Samsung phone and Kindle Fire perfectly....no jiggle.  Highly recommend this.  The bonus was that it came in a two pack.  Happy Customer!
This item was bought for my granddaughters, It is working for them.
The breaded cord is great I can see it lasting for a long time. Just be sure if youre using the iPhone wall charger you push it in tightly. I found out the hard way if not securely connected it will not charge. But for the money cant complain.
This lightning cable is pretty much the only replacement you'll even need to buy after the cheap Apple one breaks down. It is made of better material and had a overall thicker profile. The cord itself had a nice coating that gives it a premium feel compared to other cables.It really charge my iPad a bit faster than the original cable and as Sync/data its working perfectly.
in less than 3 months 2 of the cords have stopped working one looks like its charging but does not and the other just quit.... I am not sure this is a good product at all.
So disappointed.... two of the five cords stopped working within two weeks and a third is working only intermittently. Guess I should have paid more money and bought a name brand?? UGH!
These are poor quality. Three out of five don't work at all. Do not buy.Update: These are the worst cables ever. They look sturdy but two of them never worked and the rest no longer work after less than a month of limited use.  You're throwing money away.
I've had these since March and I have absolutely no complaints. The length is a godsend. All of the other nylon braided chargers I've bought in the past haven't come 'un-wired' but just randomly stop working. And I really thought this one would've done the same by now but it hasn't, I'm very happy with this purchase. Also VERY good for price, amazing deal.
These work perfectly!  Not all lightening cords do... but these do!
I am on my 4th cod. Max amount of time I have gotten out of a cord from this pack is 2 weeks. My latest lasted 4 days. They just stop working. I wouldnt take them again if they were free.
This is definitely the nicest looking charging cable I have used. The 10 foot length serves my needs whether plugging into my computer via the USB port or using a charging stand. The braided cable looks nice but is also more durable. The cable is also reinforced on the ends. The connections fit easily into my iPhone and computer. Very happy.
This was such an awesome find! Price is perfect! Delivery was very fast,it arrived earlier then what was expected. I received this two days after my order with out prime! Highly recommend this. You can also assign colors with your family!
I need extra cords to charge my phone, I've dropped my phone with the cable connected, and that 1 time it falls the connection that goes to the phone broke right away and it doesn't work after that. I've already gone through 2 cables.
quality is very poor half of them already went bad.stay away as far as you can
It quits working. Did not last. I received it July 8 this year and it's out already. Ends are not bent nor damaged it just quits working.
One of the chargers immediately went up in a burst of sparks the first time I plugged it in. It then smelled weakly of burning plastic and the 1 amp charging slot was visibly singed inside. I had a different USB charger plugged into the same outlet right before I plugged this one in, so it's exceptionally unlikely that the outlet is to blame.
These cables are not charging fast. But hey work alright. For some reason it does not charge on my daughters iphone7 plus which is weird.
Several of the Chargers didnt last very long before they stopped working, was rather disappointed in the quality of them, it was hit or miss.
I just purchased the new Iphone SE and needed the lightning cables. I love having many cables - car, portable, upstairs, downstairs, etc. Have ordered cables in the past that were not really for the Iphones - but these are terrific. Love the braiding and makes them feel stronger. I will probably buy more (since I love having many).
The plug won't stay in an outlet and keeps falling out resulting in your electronics not charging.  Have tried numerous things including bending the prongs to help it stay plugged in but after multiple nights of waking up to a cell phone that isn't charged I gave up.Gets warmer than I think it should.Now that I've had it for a few weeks, I find that how well it stays plugged in depends on what you plug it into.  Outlets that are face up such as surge protectors seem to work best.  Currently I'm updating review to be an ok product instead of one star.  I'll continue to try it more and will update as I learn more.
They lasted less than 2 months.  Now sitting in my junk drawer.  Going to send them back to seller.  Very disappointed!
out of the 5, only 4 were working, and its very delicate, and not last long, already have thrown 3 due to broken pins
Multi AMP option is nice. Some devices require 1.0A and others more charging power. This plug allows you to choose 2.1A or 1.0A charging.Example: My GoPro only handles 1.0A any more can cause shorter battery life, or failure. My Phone on the other hand is better with 2A or higher.
super cute and colorful! No one can get away with stealing my chargers lol
Wow, only took 2 days for the first one to break. I do not recommend.
You get what you pay for. These charges didn't work at all! Kept saying unsupported device. Leaving it charging for hours and ur phone is still dead.
Awful. Not even a month old and will only charge my phone if Im not using them. If i try to do anything with my phone and charge i will battery. I drive for a living and use a gps. Four of the five came with metal ends to it, one came WITH PLASTIC!
Bought these almost two months ago and loved them. Then suddenly today, plug it into my same iPhone and get the message device may not be compatible with this device and it wont charge (actually seemed to make it lose battery faster). I didnt change anything, cord stayed plugged into the same outlet all the time and worked, so Im not sure what happened, but very disappointed.....but not sure at whom.
I can charge two USB items at once with one plug.  What more is there to say.  It's a plug...that plugs into the wall (check), you can put two USB cables into the provided slots (Check, check), stuff charges (yep) Amazing! Great deal for the price.
The best way to help my mom get used to a smart phone is to make charging it the easiest part. I was sick of her saying, "Oh, I ran out of charge, so I haven't bothered..." Sticking these plugs around the house (along with some 6' cables) makes it easy to always find a plug when she has guests so they can charge their stuff too, and now she can charge her phone and her kindle at the same outlet. Super!
None of these have worked or worked well. They are the worst. I would never buy these again.
Cords worked for a little while on my 6s but one by one they keep dying. Im not on my last one and have had them for maybe 2 months.Instead of repeatedly buying these because they're cheaper ill be buying quality products
One of the lightning ends snapped off rather easily by my son.  I don't know the real story though.  Sometimes when I plug in my iPad it will say not charging, so I flip it over a few times until it starts charging.
Great chargers! I have one everywhere now with this kit. It has lasted much longer than the flimsy cords Apple gives you and they're much longer too. Highly recommend!
One was defective when I received it. Another one lasted two weeks. These had the appearance of quality. I am disappointed.
In general they look great but they don't last long they seem to quit working within 2 weeks time.
Micro end wears out very quickly and does not give a good connection
Im giving it three star only because 3 out of 5 worked!!
I can't get them to charge two devices simultaneously.  One will charge, the other device will cycle between charging/not charging rather rapidly... oh well I think they were pretty cheap
They worked great for a couple of months and then they all started going south.
I only had these for two months and they ALL stopped working!!
Three of the five of these have stopped working, after just two months of intermittent use. (We havent taken the other two out of the package yet.)
Out of the five, two were loose and did not charge my phone.  The other three worked fine.
Really low quality components, caused electrical buzz in the simple Bluetooth speakers I was charging on these. I returned and bought Anker branded chargers -much better!
Serious overheating.I did look at the reviews when I bought these, but the bad reviews only seem to start with the most current ones.  Maybe a defective batch of products?I had my phone plugged into it, and smelled something burning.  Yup, it's too hot too touch.  Tried plugging in just one item at a time, same result.  These are just not safe!  Now I just need to get back the ones I gifted to my daughters, yikes!
These are quite terrible. Within a week I had gone through two. The message "This accessory may not be supported" kept showing up on the screen of my iPhone, and I tried everything to make them work, to no avail. A waste of your money. Buying one good-quality charger will be so much better in the long run!!!
These cords are wonderful, I swear they charge the phone faster than the cord that came with the phone, and so pretty.
Great for charging and to have around when the original cords hideout
So helpful when charging 2 iPhones, 2 iPads and several other items!
Charged phone once then broke. Only gave 3 stars bc one worked
These arent that bad for some cheap chargers, most of them you get about 5-10 uses out of them before it pops up this accessory may not be supported and then they stop working. I am just throwing away my last one from the pack. Kind of a waste, they definitely dont last.
I placed these in all the rooms I spend time in at home. After a month or so, ALL three stopped working within a week or two of each other.
everything they say about knock-off cables is true. They worked fine at first. Now they don't even charge the phone or iPad. what a waste of money.
all worked for about a week and then one by one stopped providing charge. Phone displays lightning bolt as if charging but goes slowly loses charge... at first I thought it was a mistake but then it happened to another and then another. A two months later NONE of these work anymore. FAIL ya get what ya pay for. nothing
Only one out of the five charging cables work. I'm extremely disappointed.
Awesome charger !! Funky colors, sturdy cable and pin. No issue with charging our devices !Great price for 5 cables !!
Three months after ordering these cables only one out of the five cables is still working; one of them didnt work right out of the box and another barely lasted a week. Im sure its only a matter of time before the last one dies. Even for the price I expected a better quality. Youre better off ordering from somewhere else.
Horrible they stopped working after just 2-3 uses. iPhone wouldnt recognize the cords therefore wouldnt allow charging
I regret not getting them longer but they work well
So far working great ! Cords are very bendable and durable :)
Very upset about this product. Horrible quality the cables dont work anymore after 1 or 2 weeks of normal usage. Even the cable that I got connected to my night table suddenly stop charging.
Cables are received as description. I love the 10ft length, because of the length, I was able to make this one my "sofa charger". Really well braided. These cables plug into the Phone and wall charger tightly and stay until I am ready to unplug them. Awesome quality product. The braided cable seems to last a long time. This is the best looking one.
Didnt work! Very disappointed
None of these cords actually worked on my iPhone. Not a single one. I spent my money on 5 brightly colored expensive pieces of what amounts to useless string. Thanks, QXTE, for absolutely nothing. Whatever you do, DO NOT BUY THESE CORDS. If you need to charge your iPhone, you are better off buying actual licensed cables from Apple.
Not all of them worked with my IPhone 6s
These are great!!!!
Love the 2 hole charger. Allows you to get more for the space.
There's not much to say. They are micro USB cables. There are three. They work with every device I've tried (Kindle, Panasonic Lumix camera, Samsung Galaxy III and IV). They seem well-made. I've only been using them a few weeks, so I can't say anything about their durability. Bottom line: I am glade I ordered these cables and have no regrets at all.
Takes FOREVER to charge
These wires are flaky in that my iPhone5S works with a few of them while with others it doesn't recognize the wire and gives the error others have talked about. OTOH, my spouse iPhone6 gets charged with the wires mine doesn't work with :)
The product became lose after three months and now will not charge my phone unless it is placed perfectly and not touched while charging. Other cables charge and stay in the phone just fine so the cable is the issue.
Good quality and sturdy.  I like that they have different colors.  It makes it easy to find in a bag and also easy to tell whose charger it is.  I wish it had come with usb wall chargers.  I had to order those separately.
These are awesome! The braided pattern of the cord keeps it front breaking and they are very cute colors!
great to keep the kids responsible for their own and not fight over who has one
I purchased these and within a few weeks they stopped working. Bummer I really liked the ways these looked and were made but pretty pointless if they dont work
Not the best, but good enough!
Durable asks super fast
Love the length.  Unfortunately the micro plug  on some of them get loose and won't stay connected when charging.
All broke after a few uses.
All the wires I bought this is far most the worst cables due it arrive not working except one out the bunch never again
Perfect
It worked for a week then each cord broke
good
:-)
Great price for four.
So far they work fine, I plugged tab 3 in 2.1 slot and the bluetooth product in 1.1 slot . It wasnt clear in description that the were 2 different usb ports
Great - love it.  Let's me plug in and move quite far away to still be connected
Received 6 days ago. Already one charger no longer works.
DO NOT BUY THESE CHARGERS!!! After a month or 2 it will stop working then youll use another one and that one will stop working also.
works good
Plug  breaks off and gets  stuck in Phone it happened on three of them
This cable has the opposite effect and drains my battery instead of charging!
Now we have plenty of charging cords. For now...
Shipping took about three days, the packaging was well protected. Received three beautiful gray mixed gold cords and they worked wonderfully. Replaced my old Apple cord, and also used in my car. The chargers were very compatible with my iphone, no problems yet, and the cords are very sturdy. It was a good purchase.
Each of the chords stopped working (wouldn't charge phone) after several weeks of use. Will not purchase these again.
Strong cords, appears that they will outlast other types I have used.
Had bad experiences and read a lot of comments, finally i have a try to get this cord. Arrived in 2days as promised. Tested, all 4 works both in charging and sync modes. The lighting end connectors are bigger than Apple's, but had no problem plug into my iPhone and iPad cases. Hope they are stronger.
Charger does not work. My battery life started draining when I plugged in my phone. Then about every 2 seconds it would switch from charging to not charging then charging to not charging. The charger itself felt like it was overheating after using it with only one device for about one minute. I will be returning this item. I do not recommend this product.
ehhh....flimsy.
The lightning connection to the phone is not secure and easily falls out. One of the five cables received fails to carry a charge at all. Buy something else.
Fast shipping from seller. Some of these cords work and some dont. I constantly had to check to make sure the lightning cable was plugged in as some came right out. Great price but I wouldnt buy these again.
As advertised and shipped quickly.
3 of them wont charge.... janky AF
Great price for three, one has gotten loose where it plugs in but other two are pretty good still.  Price is worth ordering more!
With our other cables, it seemed to take several hours to even get a half charge. I plugged my phone(the battery has turned red) with this cord to charge. I checked it after about 30 min and it was charged to half!!! I am extremely happy with this product and would definitely purchase again!
These charging cables are fantastic, not only are they durable and sturdy,but also the tips are also tight and strong.The nylon wrap seems to be both sturdier and less prone to kink in a way that would damage the cables inside. They are terrific for the price. Would buy again and again.
Horrible. Worked great at first, but wore out very quickly. We only used them at night. The connection to the phone wouldn't stay in and you had your tongue just right to get it to even charge. Just threw them away.
I was shocked at the build quality. I am happy that I can finally have my phone in my bed while it charges for those late night skype calls with the GF (long distance relationship atm). it doesnt charge it at OEM speeds, but I have found the difference in time to charge to be about 20ish mins from the OEM cord.
Second time and they broke again! The adapter just fell out
I bought these cables to be used with a multi port charger station I have for our family phones and tablets. The cables look to be of good quality and they all work properly. I've been using these cables for a few months and I haven't had any problems with them yet. I would recommend these cables to others.
The braiding makes it more resilient and less likely to be damaged. It also makes it less likely to twist, knot, and tangle like most other cords. I also like the feel better, and I know that is subjective but I find the slight cloth feel better than the rubbery plastic feel of others. It also looks better.
I received these at the end of October and here it is the beginning of January and I have had to throw them all out after only a few weeks of use on each.  While they started out charging our phones or iPads, after a few weeks, they would actually drain the batteries.
Had them for about a week, all seem to be working
These cord are sturdy, well made and it's great that there are 3 so we can use them on other devices. I love the 10ft lengths so you are not having to be on top of the power outlet to still use your device. They were shipped in good condition and arrived when expected.
These charging cables are fantastic, not only are they durable and sturdy,but also the tips are also tight and strong.The nylon wrap seems to be both sturdier and less prone to kink in a way that would damage the cables inside.They are terrific for the price. Sturdy. Would buy again and again.
Chords are too short!
This cable is great! Very effective product for charging my iphone and without any problem. It's also more durable than other cables I have bought online. I'm totally pleased with what I have received. Charges quickly and is highly useful to operate. I would strongly recommend this product.
Good price and works great. Keep one at my office and use one in our living room so my husband and I can both charge our phones at the same time. Definitely recommend!
Sometimes has problem when two iphones plugged in charging.  blinks between two phones, on and off.
These are the best micro usb cords I've had yet. They attach and stay attached nicely. So different from the ones that came with my kindle and the Belkin one I bought (they were both junk). With those, the connection is wobbly and sometimes the kindles don't charge. I love these and am happy they came in a pack. Now I have one to plug into all the places I charge things. Not much else to say.
cords failed after a few months of use without any misuse or visible damage
Still working great.
good quality cable... I like the color mix
These are the worst cables ever. They started going "bad" where they won't charge our devices without being held "just so" within a week. At this point after 3 months not a single one will charge any of our devices.  Horrible.
What a disappointing device. Despite having two varied Amp USB plugs you can only use one at a time.I order 4 (2 2 packs) and half of them actually don't work at all after just 4 months. Since I'm outside the replacement window, they can't be returned or replaced. Buyer beware.
These cables stink. They worked for like two months and after that whenever I had my phone plugged in and used it, the battery would lower and lower. And even when I wasn't using my phone and had it plugged in, it took forever to charge. Do not buy these.
Thank you!
I got these charging cables to use with my iPhone 5S. I have never received a message the phone saying the cable in not compatible or anything. And I haven't noticed my phone charging slower at all, though I honestly don't pay that much attention to the charging speed. But they seem like charging as fast as usual. I am happy with the purchase and have no issues at all.
high pitched electronic squeel after being plugged in for 5 minutes
I bought two of these.  They worked for a month or so and then both suddenly switched to low power mode.  It used to take an hour or so to charge our phones.  Now it takes about 10 hours to do the same.Buyer beware!
Good
These are awful. The first one I used worked 2 that I used work really well. The others either didnt work straight out of the packaging or needed to be replaced within a week. Terrible.
too long, poor quality on connection to device
Exactly what I expected
I have this cord for my iPhone 5s. This product has worked wonderfully from computer, to electrical outlet, etc. I have had no compatibility issues at all. Worth the money and haven't had any premature signs of damage or cord endings. Would buy again without question.
I returned this order. The cables look and feel good but, for me, they actually retarded my charging process.
Absolutely love this charger! The chargers that iPhones come with are horrible in my opinion and built to wear down too quickly. The length and braided cover of this charger is fantastic. I've had it for a little over a month now and it's still working wonderfully.
Don't let the tough rugged look fool you.  I purchased these about a month ago the each of the cords have a short in them.  They have been tested with other Iphones and yep its the cords not a bad connection due to the device.
I got these on Nov 3.  It is Dec 7 and I just plugged in the last one because all the rest of them have stopped working.  They are very fragile and only worked for a few days each.
Shipping was fast and the products seems to be really nice quality. Thank you!
Durable, and works great. Very well priced. I gifted two of them to family and they love them as well.
I love how they fit. just don't care for the volume switch. It's slides up or down but it's hard to control. I usually end leaving the switch all the way up and controlling it from my phone. Not good for running.
As expected
Some of the worst usb chargers ever!!!! Very spotty on their charging and extremely slow!
Look great. 2 of the 5 still work after only a few weeks of use. I guess you get what you pay for with these. Will not buy them again.
my daughter uses these and is very happy with them
Just received these and the charges are not working properly. Have tried 3 Chargers and not charging the phone. 1 of which I have to hold in to make Charger. Do not recommend
none of the cables worked on my iphone 6
These are just ok, Ive had two of the five cords just not work and another one that works sporadically.
very nice product
Had for 3 months and 1 already stopped working, however for the cost, I am not upset over it. Once I go through all 5, I would probably buy again since they are so reasonable.
very good ,recommend
Several in the pack do not charge and have broken.  They were replaced one time by the company, but they are not reliable chargers.
Dont work
Does not charge iPad...
Ive used these for months and they still work great.  Would buy again
LOVE THESE. Great price for a 3 pack.
about 10% have connection issues.
None of them work anymore...only lasted about 3 months!
Was not compatible with Iphone.  Had to send it back
Love the colors, its been months since Ive purchased these and theyre still going strong!
I didnot receive iPhone cables...got android cables instead... all the cables are android....
The product was shipped and arrived very quickly. Packaged very securely. These actually surprised me. The wire feels thick, not thin or flimsy. The end that goes into the device is tight and doesn't fall out at all. The price is great for 3  10FT cords.
The item came quickly, and works great! I had purchased a similar non-apple cord the week before that didn't work and felt cheap. This one works and looks/functions like my previous apple charger. I'm very happy with this purchase.
1 didn't work at all and the other seems to work ok. Can't handle an iPad and an Android phone being charged at the same time though.It's my fault really for not reading the reviews. Not really sure what I was thinking or doing at the time. Find something else!
Less than a week and 1 charger has already quit working completely
Extremely dissatisfied! 4 out of 5 charged are no longer working after a month of use. I would not recommend this product.
They Work Great!
I've had these about a month and so far all 5 continue to work. I keep them in my house, car, and at work and haven't had any issues.
5 pack arrived quickly. They are colorful and look great but after just a few charges all but one have been tossed as they dont connect to the device anymore. Poor quality.
These were great--now all the kids know their own charging cords from the rest!!!
Dont work well. Hard to keep a charge on iphone8.
Seems like a quality charging cable.  The cable is harder to kink/knot than others and has a great length.  Happy with the purchase.
GREAT For the CAMPER or anywhere you need to p lug in more than one device!
One by one each cord is no longer supported by any device. So annoying, failed after two months.
These got so hot while charging an iPad they could not be held......
This cable functions just as well as my iphone 5s OEM cable. It charge and sync my iphone 5s so fast. The 10FT length makes it extremely versatile. It's thicker than typical lightning cables and feels really substantial and high quality.
3 of the 5 cords have gone bad and don't work anymore. Very disappointed
Have to jiggle them to get them to work.  Not sure if its my cover or if it was manufactured too bulky.  You get what you pay for.
The end kept falling out of my phone.
Worked for a while since December of 2017 but here it is February they do not charge my classroom Ipads.  I cannot afford to keep buying new chargers.  Disappointed.
These are awful. Only worked for about a week. I guess there's a reason they were so cheap. Spent the money on good ones. The saying you get what you pay for defiantly applies here.
Chargers work pretty good only issue I had was that one of the Chargers in the pack did not work at all but the other 4 are working fine
Great for when you need to charge 2 items which is almost always.
works fine but I like the windup chord better
Less than a week into using them, 2 stopped working. Not sure how long the rest will last, but I would not recommend if you're planning on using them for a long time. Very dissatisfied.
Great deal for the money. Works great.
Excellent
I used this cable to charge my Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge and it worked well. The cable is very long that I can comfortably use it with my gear vr also. Made with heavy duty wire, this cable charges quickly and seems to be made well.
Wait and see for a long time before deciding to buy, the quality is absolutely good, very sturdy, woven cable is better than the plastic cable, this is true, I believe that this cable is very durable.
Don't waste your money! I thought it would be nice to have a few extra chargers around. Some didn't even work at all & the ones that did only worked a week?
would be much better if all usb ports were 2.1 amps, but o well it works.
2 of the 5 cords do not work
Doesn't work at all. Washed money for that.
Only lasted a few months and then stopped charging. USB plug did not fit properly in base. I would not recommend
These chargers may have worked for the first couple weeks but then actually started somehow draining my iPhone 6s instead of charging it. Some cables never worked at all
We loved the colors and style and they worked  great at first, but 2 months in and they wont charge. Maybe we got a bad batch, but I would look into another product.
Writing this review 4 months after purchase and none of them will charge my phone anymore.  All 5 charging cords will not work plugged into an outlet, computer or portable charger.
They work
I love these cords. I have been using this primarily to charge my iPhone 6 Plus. It's extremely long and great for outlets that are not close to you. Not only is this a long cord but it's thicker than other cords and charges in half the time. My husband loves this cord so much that he purchased 3 more for the house.
WOW... I have reviewed a lot of lightning cables on Amazon and these are by far my favorite. Extremely high-quality connectors and I love the braided line that does not tangle easily. Seems very durable and looks great. And you get three of these for less than I used to pay for one cable of less quality.
Had to wiggle the cable and try several times for my Iphone 6Plus to start charging. Thought it was my phone so I used one my existing cables and it worked fine. You get what you pay for...
Sounded fine, although the controls don't work with my iPhone 6. Worked fine for a while, but broke after less than a year.
Ive had them for a little over a month and Im already down 3. They stop working pretty quickly. And when they do work, they overheat the outlet.
Fun colors
My old genuine apple cable finally gave out, I kept getting the Charging Not Authorized error message. Got this cable, error message ran away immediately. Only had it for a few days, so far so good.
They are great. I love them. I am so hard on my phone and it's charging cable. Slammed this one in the car door....still working.
These chargers do the trick. I travel continuously & having the ability to charge my iPhone & iPad at the same time is priceless. Two for one price is great also, I use one in my home office & one in my brief case. Great deal for the price.
Does a good job charging my phone with a 2 Amp charger. Whatever holds the cable into your phone wears out pretty quick and after a while will fall out of your phone with only a slight tug.
These cords work great!
Great data cable! The cable arrived on time and in perfect condition. I tried it out right away and was pleased that it worked with no warnings of this accessory may not be compatible with your device. I would recommend this cord as a back up to your regular cord, as one to leave at the office or in your car.
Like the colors and the braided feel of these cords. Unfortunately, we are down to ONE! In less then a month. They just dont work! DO NOT BUY THESE!!!
I bought these for my kids for Christmas since they were always losing theirs. They worked for the first week and then they stopped.
A few months in one earbud went out and just recently the other one went out so how I have to buy a new pair. The quality was good at first but gradually declined.
Good cables, very good length.
Awesome cords but only 2 worked.
4 of the 5 cables stopped working. Piece of crap. Stay away
Would leave 0 stars!  2 of these didnt even work the first time and the others broke very soon after using.
Limited connectivity to iPhone, regardless of whether it is plugged into a wall charger or a car outlet. Worst of all, there is no discernible pattern to the limited connectivity.
In a matter of 4 months I'm down to ONE of the 5 cables that came in this package.  They simply stopped working.  This is a cheap product!  Buy something else and save your money.
This product is not Apple certified it keeps sending messages to my iPhone. How can you say its Apple certified when its not?How can I get a refund? I am very disappointed!
I found that several of the charge cords did not work with my iphone
2 of my 5 did not work when I got them, and one other one actually fell apart within a week of use. I was very dissatisfied, as the reviews I read before purchasing all had good things to say.
I'm always weary of buying 3rd party lightning charging cables because of the chances of getting the "device not recognized" error messages. But with this cable, you don't have to worry about it not working with your device, because it really work perfectly with my iphone 6s.
Less than couple of month and one of these got broken. The plug got very loose and it stooped charging.
All work, assorted 5.
Great product, well built 10 feet of freedom! This is perfect if you always have had issues with sleeping as close to your power outlet as posible to charge your phone & text. Now I can sleep anywhere in my bed and not worry about pulling the power cord out!. Would definitely recommend to anyone.
They have all stopped working. They all worked initially and as about 3-4 weeks went by, each one stopped functioning completely.
One of the connections broke and now that I would like to return the package my return date window has closed.  How convenient.  .
These cords work well and make it easy to keep track of each family member's cord.
Not even a single cable lasted more then a week. Requesting my money back.
As of now the product is fantastic.The cable feels very durable and tough. I got 3 of them, One for the car, one for living room and one for bedroom. I'm going to post an update if there any problem with them.
Ordered I phone got all android
Some of them didn't work and the others lasted about a month and then stopped working.
Great productGreat priceFast delivery
We bought these and were excited to have a color coded system for the family.  But the cords quit working after basically 1 month of using them.They are total crap.
Every one broke after 1-2 uses
Bought 2 packs and over 2 months they have all broke or stopped working.  Waste of money.
awesome deal
Horrible product. All of the cables shorted out in about 90 days. Used on a variety of charges for my iPhone 6 Plus. Poorly made.
I really wish I had paid more attention to the reviews. I've only tried one of them, but it would not work for 2 items. Very frustrating.
These do the job intended, no problems.
Does not work in the car. The first time you plug one in it works, but after that they dont work in the car. Very disappointed since thats why I bought them.
Two out of five still work. Im only assuming, because the last one I havent tried yet.
using every day
They dont work . Phone says charging but it doesnt help at all . Overnight my phone didnt charge one percentage while plugged In
This arrived extremely fast! I was impressed by how durable the product is and I love the multi colors! I will be purchasing some more of these in the future!
This are the worst chargers ever! They worked for a few days and than stop working. It charges super slow the iPhones and iPads. Would  not recommend to buy.
Lasted 2 weeks before mic stopped working.
we realy like it
They ok just low quality
Mine stopped working after just a couple of weeks with light use. One was for my office computer that barely gets touched. Complete garbage.
Save your money. Some of them don't work at all and the ones that do keep falling out and losing connection. These are junk.
Great price good cords, had them a week and no problem yet!
Nice colors , fast shipping but the they seem to get a short very fast
Sturdy cable which works well and is durable. Good value.
Very sturdy well made cables, no problems at all thus far. Great buy.
Falls out of the outlet pretty easily as the prongs don't hold it in very well. Also stopped charging after two months of use... Would be better if you spent your money on a higher quality charger.
We ordered 5 thinking there is 5 people in my family, we could each get a color. But the total 5 don't work. One will work in an iPad but not an iPhone.
USB Charger not a Dodge Charger. If you are looking for a car this is not what you are looking for. If you are looking for a USB charger then this is it
Great Product & Price
Most have stopped working, I thought the Nylon Braided would make them stronger apparently i was wrong. I bought them 10/25 it's 11/14 i'm down to 2 that work.
These charging cables stop charging after 2 charges that all cables in this pack.I tried everything and for some reason chargers stop charging.
solid units, great price, recommend
They dont even work for my iPhone 7plus. Returning.
Purchased these charging cords, one immediatly did not work. Five months later, they all have stopped charging our iphones and ipads.
Two of Five have failed already! No breaches No loose tips Not freyed Just stopped working
Great! Connected better to many cords!
Works great. Like how I know what charger is mine with colors.
Garbage. Most didnt work
Doesn't feel like 2.1A, but haven't tested. Doesn't charge any faster than a standard wall wart. Good price
Seem sturdy at first but after just 1 week 2 out of 5 no longer work and I don't have much hope for the other 3 lasting the month.
these tips broke off - found better ones that don' bust when you touch it.
very nice charger
4 of 5 cords in this package stopped working altogether after 1-2 weeks of normal use. Shoddy quality. Do not buy.
Affordable and works like it's supposed to. What more can you ask for? My kids constantly lose these or leave them at a friend's house, so I like to keel spares on hand.
Not impressed.  The cables did not put out the energy needed to charge my I phone 6.  I ended up ordering new cords from Amazon.
Love all the chargers so far, we have one pretty much in every room - they dont twist so I am sure they will last pretty long.
bueno
These are terrible. They look pretty and work for a few weeks then stop charging my devices. All after the return window of course. Dont buy!
They were great at first but soon just stopped working.
Cheaply made crap.  Cables are worn out after only a few weeks of use.  I guess you get what you pay for and in this case it wasn't much.
Stated that it was apple certified and did not charge my iPad 2 or iPhone 5s. I'm returning it.
I liked the length but it started to fray faster than I thought it would.
**SAFETY/FIRE HAZARD**  I plugged one of these into the outlet this morning, sparks jumped out about 12 inches and the circuit breaker tripped.  Product is a piece of junk....
Only one out of the four worked...
I have been using these headphones for about 4 weeks already and i don't regret buying them! Great audio but personally don't like the way the wire feels.
Terrible they dont last long
2 out of the 5 cables stopped working within a few weeks.  Just waiting for the others to stop as well.  Waste of money
love the colors
Does it work yes.  Does it work as it should...nope.  It is what it is.
Colors are nice but they dont charge quickly, some not at all
Great for the whole family
Very sturdy, great price and I'm glad I have options, I have one in my office at home, car, work office, and bedroom!
These work great. No problems.
These fell apart coming out of the package. I just threw them away as shipping them back would have cost more than they were worth.
Only 3 of the 5 cords work. Seem to charged slowly too. I would not recommend these cords. Spend a little more for better quality.
They are so bad. Both failed after one use.
These pack of cables, while pretty, are worthless. Each one lasted less than a day. Id give zero stars if I could.
Easy to break, the tip of the charger (metal piece)doesnt stay in place.. gets loose n breaks.
Excellent product. Exactly what I needed.
I thought this was a great deal. 4 months later only one of these cords will charge my phone. The others are going in the trash!
Purchased a set of four and all cords failed after a month of use on our Apple I Phones.  This is a waste of your money.
These cables stopped working after 30 days. Yes, they are cheap. But still not worth it.
I like them but 2 of the 5 have already broke. The orange just does charge and the pink ones charging tip broke off.
The chargers worked great at first, but then the teeth of the charger started going flat and it wouldn't stay in the phone and charge it.
they work great
A little shorter than I expected. You have to make sure there is a really good connection for it to charge
These worked for a few and then they stopped working with our iphones
Works perfectly
Chargers codes only charged for 1 day then when plugged into phone didnt recognize the charger.
I have an iPhone 5s and these cables do not charge my phone.  They work fine with my daughters iPod but don't work with the phone.
These did not work - charging was very spotty and would go on / off as the cord moved - I'm returning them.
All five cables stopped working within 4 weeks. No excessive wear and tear. Two never even left the wall plug.
This charger is amazing it is extremely heavy duty. It works amazing with my iphone 6 & ipad and it does the job done perfectly,Extremely durable.
Cables worked for couple of weeks .. not they stop working. I wouldnt recommend them to anybody. Very poor quality.
They all are broken now and dont work.
THERE OK
These charges are terrible. Have had three chords stop working already.
