I've been using the 300 dpi Paperwhite for over two years and decided to spoil myself with the new 32 GB WiFi Kindle Oasis E-reader. I'm an avid reader with over 500 books just on Amazon.The Kindle Oasis arrived well-packaged in an attractive sealed black box. The first thing I noticed was the sleek glassy surface and thin asymmetrical aluminum construction. Unfortunately, while the Oasis is lighter, the larger size makes it awkward to carry or slip in a pocket. The first thing I did was to buy a MoKo Case to avoid dropping and trashing my expensive new toy. The smaller Paperwhite sports a rubberized exterior providing a far more secure grip.The Oasis already had a half charge on it so it was good to go right out of the box. But there is no charger! Let me repeat that--my $300 ultra-luxury E-reader came without the standard ten dollar charger, only a short USB cord.It took five minutes to link up to my WiFi and Amazon account, adjust the local time and resurrect my library. The only instructions are on the device itself, but it's a no-brainer. Amazon had a software update available that only took a few minutes to download and reboot.The display on the Oasis has a slightly creamy tone when compared to the bright white Paperwhite. The Oasis display is perfectly even across the entire screen; the Paperwhite has a very slight "shadow" at the bottom. The 7-inch screen is significantly larger than the 6-inch Paperwhite screen. I examined the typeface through a loupe and the letters themselves appear identical on both devices.I bought my Oasis with the "special offers," but I quickly found them annoying. I removed the special offers by linking to my on-line Amazon account and coughing up an additional $20.Reading is a joy on the new Oasis. The larger screen and physical page-turn buttons allow you to read one handed and avoid the usual screen taps. The software is almost identical on both devices, though the Oasis allows you to (finally!) access audio books though Bluetooth. I couldn't get my earbuds to link, but Bluetooth is kinda touchy and I'll try it on other stuff, especially my car.One HUGE improvement is that the Oasis is waterproof! This is key for me as I read even while soaking in the tub (TMI). The Paperwhite hates even a droplet of water. One workaround for the Paperwhite is the tough Meritcase Waterproof Case, though it makes screen operation a bit clunky.IN CONCLUSION:Both the 300 dpi Paperwhite and new Kindle Oasis are terrific E-readers. If you have some "stupid money" to throw around, the Oasis is the Rolls Royce of the e-reader world, sporting an elegant waterproof construction and Bluetooth connectivity. But for normal folks, the 300 dpi Paperwhite is an excellent purchase, nearly as good with some superior features at a fraction of the price. I'm dinging the Oasis one star for the over-the-top price tag, mediocre battery life and not including a charger.
Starting with the first gen Kindle, I've owned every advanced model that Amazon has released. Each generation has been a further refinement of Amazon's design philosophy for Kindle: make the device disappear from the experience of reading. First they did it by trimming size and weight. Then came the illuminated screen, eliminating the need for separate lights. Voyager trimmed size and weight further from the Paperwhite, while adding auto-adjusting illumination. Then came the advances of last year's Oasis, which retained the same 6" screen size, but packaged it in an impossibly light, thin and small case designed to be held with one hand. Some grumbled about the battery being split between the Oasis and its cover, but the 2016 Oasis came the closest yet to disappearing while reading.Flash forward one year, and Amazon seems to have abandoned this philosophy completely with the 2017 "New" Oasis, a Kindle seemingly designed to uncomfortably remind you that you're holding a reading device in your hands. It does this in several ways. First, with a significantly bulked up size and weight--it looks and feels much bigger than you'd think compared to the 2016 Oasis, and it's just plain heavy to hold in one hand for extended periods of time. Sure, that weight is fairly well-balanced, but that's like hearing, "Oh, but it's dry heat!" when the temp hits 115 degrees.Second, the added carry-weight of the new Oasis is made worse by the very slippery feel of the new aluminum body, which forces you to grip it more tightly, and that becomes uncomfortable in longer reading sessions. This is definitely not a Kindle that ever disappears in your hands. I've seen some complaints about sharp edges, too, but that was not my experience. I've read that Amazon was going for a more "premium" feeling with this switch to aluminum, but I'm not sure what that means when every cheap tablet out of China has an aluminum body. It's also a foolish design goal for a Kindle, where priority should be given to materials that are comfortable to hold in-hand for hours at a time. And finally, this aluminum body is cold to the touch, about as unbook-like a reading experience as you can have. The ergonomics, in summary, scream to remind you that you're holding a device.So, is there anything I liked about the New Oasis? Yes, and that's what makes it especially disappointing: the 7" screen is really great, and has the immediate feeling of being the "right" size for a Kindle screen. My old Oasis and Voyager now look cramped by comparison. The larger screen somehow makes the experience of reading feel "roomier" and more relaxing--and perhaps this is just because it's closer to the page size in a real book. My new Oasis did not have the screen lighting issues some have reported but, as I've read elsewhere, the background does appear to be less white than previous Kindles, but that change actually looks more like printing on a paper page to my eye.My hope for the next gen Kindle is something like a 7" Voyager form-factor, but one that narrows bezels as much as possible for a smaller size, while using materials chosen for light weight and a comfortable feeling in the hand. In the meantime, my new Kindle Oasis will be going back to Amazon, and it's the first next-gen Kindle that I've ever returned. That should tell you a lot. Thanks for taking the time to read my review and I hope you find it helpful in making a buying decision.
For the 2017 Kindle Oasis the answer seems to be yes-Heres why-One of the first things you notice, after the size increase, is the total look and feel of quality:Refined aluminum outer shell that will resist scratches.Page turn buttons-similar to the last Oasis version.Well balanced when in the hand.The lighting seems to be the best that the Kindle team has put forward yet- It seems they have taken prior criticism to heart and made a focus on making the lighting as flawless as possible.Overall fit and finish-this thing looks and feels refined. You get the same sense of quality you get when you pick up an Ipad (whether you like Apple or not).Faster page turns.Lighting/ Screen quality:Amazon must have taken poor reviews on some other models to heart and focused on eliminating these issues. Now with 12 LED bulbs, the lighting is more uniform than any prior unit. Far better than the Paperwhite (while decent for the money- the Oasis is far better). I would rank the Voyage as having a more even screen than my 2016 Oasis-The 2017 OASIS HAS THE BEST SCREEN YET).The screen has a warmer hue than the Paperwhite, Voyage or Oasis 1.No visible light cones.7 screen displays more text for less page flips.Graphics look better-small print displayed better.Inverted White/ Black option is nice change that displays less light...good for some that read in bed with partners.The Kindle team set the reading plane lower in the device(the glass is thicker) the eliminate light cones. The addition of 2 more LED units makes for the most even lighting possible.  A one inch screen size really makes a difference in the reading experience-I stopped reading on my Old Oasis and Voyage after getting this unit...ABSOLUTELY FLAWLESS! While the other Kindles are fine, when you put them side by side with the Oasis...NO COMPARISON...OASIS WINS!Font boldness control, size options and Black /White color conversionKindle added more font sizes and boldness control-great for all readers-available on software update on other readers.Black /White inversion is a neat new reading option-exclusive on the Oasis.For the visually challenged:THIS IS THE DEVICE FOR YOU. Large fonts look more normal on this larger screen.Less page flips-really noticeable on larger fonts.Bold font options.about time!White /Black color inversion option. Great for nighttime readers with a partner.Magazines:This is an area that many will overlook...Magazines look better on a 7 screen than 6WeightAt 194 grams it is slightly lighter than the Paperwhite at 205grams and slightly heavier than the Voyage...In reality you can hardly feel the difference. It is however, significantly heavier than the prior Oasis model without the cove that only weighed 131 grams.Page turn buttons:Similar to last years modelMuch better than the Voyage- you can easily feel these, even in the dark.A slight click when the buttons are pushed leaves no doubt that the page will turn. These buttons really make it easy to stay focused on reading-no need to swipe the page, just klick the button. Once you get used to the buttons it is hard to go back to a Paperwhite.Asymmetrical Design:Very similar to last years model; they expanded the gripping area on the bezel to allow for wider thumbs that dont overlap the screen while in use. One the Voyage, my thumb is half on, half off the device when in use.The screen and button function auto flip when you change hands.Well balanced and secure in the hand while holding.Storage:8 gigs is plenty for most ebook readers, however if you plan to use Audible or have a large library consider paying $30 more for the 32gig model(about 27 gigs in actual use)Graphic and image heavy books can exceed 200 mg in size Examples are Manga, Comics, Cookbooks, Magazines and How to books.My library has a little over 2000 items and does not totally fit on any other Kindle device-no problem on a 32 gig Oasis!Audible:Seamless switching from reading to Audible if you own the e-book and the Audible version. They offer a 32 gig option for 30 dollars more if you plan on storing a lot of Audible books.This device does not have speakers. You need to pair it with blue tooth speakers or headphones.PLEASE NOTE THERE IS NO TEXT TO SPEECH...No e-reader on the market has this.Amazon E-book/Audible ecosystem:Simply the most extensive e-book store on the planet.Almost always the lowest price.Audible offers membership specials that can save you money.Kindle Unlimited -a exclusive option that seems to be best for inexpensive fiction books.Waterproofing:I tried this just to make sure it works  good addition.Battery:Seems to last about the same as the Voyage and charges in under 2 hours.Optional cover:Solid protection for the device. The Origami style stand is OK-not great. Consider getting a small tablet stand(Amazon carries a multitude of these).Portability:Definitely not a pocket device.Quality:10 out of 10! SIMPLY THE BESTCost:Amazon does not need to apologize for cost on this one-Sure it is twice the price of the Paperwhite (and that is a fine choice in its price range) but simply put THIS IS THE BEST KINDLE UNIT AMAZON HAS MADE TO DATE.For $50 dollars more than the Voyage you get  a bigger screen, more storage, Audible, page turn buttons, brighter screen and better display of graphics and magazines.$40 less than 2016s unit.Upgrade options:$20 to remove adds...I did to stop seeing adds and having to swipe the device to unlock it. I read a lot and would rather see the regular screen savers. I included a photo.$30 for 32 gig storage  I opted for this because I have a huge e-book and Audible library.44.99 or 59.99 -Honestly I cant recommend this-the magnets are not super secure-they hold ok...6/10 from me.4G- In this day and age many of us have wi-fi available-just store all of your books on the device. I passed on this expense.Pros:Best displayGreat for large font usersNo compromises-high qualityVast storage optionsAudiblePage turn buttonsWhite /Black inversion optionLike all Kindles you get Amazons vast ebook ecosystem-titles you will not find elsewhereCons:Portability-This device does not fit most shirt or pants pocketsCost-still $40 less than last years OasisIn short  The OASIS IS BETTER-NOT JUST BIGGERUpdate:After spending more time with the unit, I would give this device 10 out of 10 for the right user. I have owned every unit since the Kindle Keyboard and the Oasis 2 is by far the best. I stopped using my other devices after getting the Oasis-It is that much more enjoyable to read on.  Lets take a look at who this device is for:Dont buy if:You want an e-reader that easily fits in your pocket-get the Paperwhite or Voyage.You are looking for text to speech. None of the current e-readers offer this. I see poor reviews for the device because it does not have this...no current e-reader does.Budget is a priority. The Paperwhite is a fine budget friendly option.Do buy if:You want the finest e-reader available. This Kindle has the reading plane set below thicker glass to eliminate most of the light cones previous models occasionally had. The lighting is phenomenal. Page turn buttons make a difference.You want a larger reading screen that feels more like a book. E-reading immersion at its best.A visually challenged reader that uses larger fonts.You need more storage.If you can swing it -BUY IT-IT DOES NOT GET BETTER THAN THIS
Just short of ten years from the date Amazon introduced the very first Amazon this 9th generation Kindle has been released. Amazon called their new device a Kindle, meaning to light a fire. (original release date was November 19, 2007; this new model October 31, 2017).Like the original Oasis this is Amazons most expensive model, but in my opinion the new features of this Oasis do justify the higher price. Customers asked Amazon for a larger display, for a waterproof Kindle, for audiobook capability  and this new model has all of those features, and more.WHAT IS DIFFERENT ABOUT THE NEW OASIS?The larger display may be the most immediately noticeable difference, and the waterproof capability may be the most significant for many users, and many users will cheer that they can finally play their audiobooks with this Kindle, but for me the biggest difference is that unlike the original Oasis (https://www.amazon.com/Kindle-Oasis-reader-Leather-Charging/dp/B015YKFBC2/) with the battery contained in both the Oasis and the cover, the battery for this new model is fully enclosed in the Oasis itself.This means that you can use any cover you want, and finally I have an Oasis that has a cover that folds origami style so I can read when eating or at my desk, just like my trusty old Voyage (https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00IOY8XWQ/).The key differences are the following:-- larger display, 7 vs 6 for all other current Kindle models (the early Kindle DX, discontinued in 2014, had a 9.7 display).-- the display has more elements (12 vs 10 LEDs in original Oasis) for better lighting uniformity-- display brightness range is about 10% greater (brightest level is higher)-- lighting is adaptive with 2 ambient sensors (the Voyage has this capability too, but not the original Oasis)-- waterproof (first time for any Kindle)-- audiobook capability (see more detailed discussion later in this review)-- greater storage capability for both Kindle books and audiobooks  8 or 32 GB (vs 4 GB for other Kindles)-- beautiful metal (aluminum) construction, looks and feels great-- covers now provide origami folding capability for reading-- software updates provide greater variation in font sizes (14 sizes vs 8 previously) and boldness can now be varied for all fonts (5 levels of boldness; previously Amber Bold was the sole font available with Bold)-- now uses 4G LTE connectivity if that version is purchased (previously 3G)-- Amazon says this new Oasis has faster page turns (they claim up to 20% faster) due to software and display improvements (and maybe a better processor?)-- the battery is entirely within the OasisUSING THE NEW OASISThe larger size is immediately noticeable and for some people I am guessing that the 6 Kindle models may be more comfortable in the hand. I can barely reach across the face of the Oasis to pick it up, but when holding it in my hand it is comfortable and light weight.This new Oasis uses the same shape as the earlier Oasis, with a bump in the rear of the device that shifts the weight to one side. The page turn buttons are located on that side as well, so the display will automatically flip if the Oasis is turned to hold in one hand or another.HOW GOOD IS THE NEW DISPLAY?All of the earlier lighted Kindle models have had various issues with uneven lighting and customer complaints that the source of the lighting at the side or bottom of the display was distracting. I have one of the first generation Paperwhite models, a Voyage, and the original Oasis, and Ive never been bothered by the lighting or had some of the issues that some customers have experienced, but I could detect the lighting sources for those earlier models.With this new Oasis, Ive tried very hard to see if the LEDs can be detected and I do not see anything whatsoever. It is terrific, uniformly illuminated and with a glare-free display that works well indoors or outdoors.WATERPROOF?This Oasis has a waterproof rating of IPX8 which translates to protection against immersion of 1 meter or more (Amazon states up to 2 meters for 60 minutes in fresh water). I have noticed that when inserting the usb cable to charge this Oasis, it requires a more forceful push to fully engage the cable, which suggests to me that there is an internal protection within the charging port to keep water out.Amazon provides instructions with the Oasis for drying it out if it is submerged or becomes wet.No, I have not tried soaking my Oasis in the bathtub to see if it still works afterwards! I prefer to take Amazons word for it!AUDIOBOOK CAPABILITY!Amazon has had Bluetooth built into a couple of recent models, for example the current basic Kindle model has Bluetooth and can be paired with a speaker to use text-to-speech. However this is the only current model to include the ability to download Audible audiobooks onto the Oasis and then play them with paired speakers or headphones / earbuds.Once the Oasis is paired with a Bluetooth audio device, then the Oasis can be used to store audiobooks and play them whenever desired.This audiobook capability is the reason Amazon made this Oasis available with significantly more storage space than other Kindles  8 or 32 GB vs 4 GB for all other Kindles.EXPENSIVE BUT THE OPTIONS MAKE A BIG DIFFERENCEI paid $309.99 for my previous Oasis, which included the leather case, without special offers and wi-fi only.This new Oasis has a base price of $249.99 but depending upon how you configure it, the price can be much higher:-- $20 to remove special offers-- $30 to upgrade to 32 GB storage-- $44.99 for fabric cover-- $59.99 for leather cover-- $50.00 for  wi-fi + cellular connectivity but if the Oasis is purchased this way then it automatically bundles with the 32 GB storage and removes special offers (separately those total $50)Some examples of Oasis prices would therefore be:-- least expensive Oasis = $294.98 (base Oasis, 8 GB, wi-fi only, special offers, fabric cover)-- least expensive Oasis with leather cover = $309.98 (base Oasis, 8 GB, wi-fi only, special offers, leather cover)-- most expensive Oasis = $409.98 (base Oasis, 32 GB, wi-fi + cellular, without special offers, leather cover)A charger / power adaptor is not included. Amazons own 5W model is $19.99 and is a bit expensive. An equally capable charger can be purchased here on Amazon for much less.
The new Oasis finally brings waterproofing that I wished my Voyage had, and personally I appreciate the Audible integration. I do hope that a software update will bring the option for immersion reading eventually, and perhaps more control over font appearance. I will not do a full review as others have already done a great job covering the Oasis's strengths, with which I fully agree. Instead I want to call attention to the serious quality control issues plaguing this latest generation of Oasis, issues that Amazon should have worked out by now after launching so many Kindles.I pre-ordered the new Oasis, and since Oct. 31st have had to get two replacements just to have a unit with an acceptable display. The first one I received had a warped case and uneven screen with washed out blurry text. The second unit was also washed out and had a stuck bright pixel. Fortunately, the third Oasis I received finally had acceptable contrast and sharpness, though it's a noticeable step down from the screen on my Voyage. The Voyage has true deep blacks and sharp text that looks like it's printed on a page. The page surface is also whiter (even with the backlight off). All of that works to produce high contrast and an enjoyable reading experience. The Oasis has more of a gray page surface and the text never gets as sharp or as black. It's much more like reading on an lcd than e-ink. I suspect the issue stems at least in part from the increase in screen size without an increase in dpi. Perhaps it could be improved with a software update (I hope!) But I think the slightly different surface of the e-ink screen will always limit the contrast on the Oasis. An additional factor is that the screen on the Oasis seems slightly more recessed from the actual glass, while the Voyage's screen is virtually right up against the glass. I think that the anti-glare coating combined with that slight recess contributes to blurrier text on the Oasis. The bezel also casts more noticeable shadows along the screen edges as a result. It's unfortunate that the R&D; team missed these details. While I like the new features the Oasis brings, I don't want to lose quality on the most important element. The screen quality should have come first above anything else!In the attached image you can see how big a difference it makes if you're lucky enough to get a "good one." The last unit I received, with the good screen, is on the left, and the previous unit is on the right. They are both on the same book, same page, same font and brightness settings (auto brightness off), but there is a major difference in brightness, evenness, and contrast.This isn't unusual for a new product, but it is extremely disappointing and frustrating if you end up with a poor quality device, especially when the replacement is crappy too! If you don't want to risk having to spend hours coordinating replacements, I would suggest waiting until Amazon improves the manufacturing and quality control for the new Oasis.
I have a Paperwhite and a Voyage and I love them both. When the 2016 Oasis was introduced, I studied it, but the mandatory cover and several reviews made me wait. When I saw that a New Oasis was being released this month, I read the specs and knew I had to have it. The Audible capability wasnt important to me; I prefer to listen on my phone. Waterproof isnt a big deal for me either, since I dont read near water; but its nice knowing that a little rain wont kill it. So I pre-ordered the 32gb...more storage, more books! I selected wi-fi only; if Im going to be away from home, I download more books than I can possibly read in one trip. I also selected with special offers; Ill remove it later if it starts to annoy me. I did not purchase a cover, because I usually remove them and they end up in the bottom of a drawer. I did purchase a no-glare screen protector, which I installed as soon I opened the box.Now for why I just love my new Oasis:*Right out of the box, it was so easy to set up! As soon as I entered my wi-fi password, it connected immediately, greeted me by name, and promptly showed my library.*The screen is more responsive. When I enter my password, there is no lag time; it responds as quickly as my phone & tablets do.*The screen size is perfect! And I dont even notice any lights; it looks like a paper page. And the page turn is immediate!*I love the feel of it in my hand. Some reviewers mentioned sharp edges, discomfort, cant hold for too long, too heavy...I notice none of those things. I usually hold in my right hand and it fits perfectly! The side rests comfortably across my hand, with my thumb resting along the edge. On the back, where the thicker portion meets the thin, it curves slightly inward, where my fingertips are completely at home. With both my Paperwhite and Voyage, I constantly shift the device as my hand tires. Not so with this Oasis! I read for hours at a time and dont tire. And when I do switch it to my left hand, its instant and seamless, no waiting for the page to adjust.*The page turn buttons...some reviews said that the buttons are too loud. Really?! When I read those comments, I had to check mine. Its a tiny click, not loud at all (mostly felt, rather than heard)! The default setting is page forward on top, page back on the bottom. I left mine at that setting since it works for me. And, if you switch to the opposite hand, those settings stay the same.*Some reviewers are unhappy with the metal back, its too slick, too slippery, too cold...again, I notice none of those things. It feels substantial, certainly classier than plastic.*I love the new font sizes, and the ability to make them bolder, as well as the capability to switch to white print on black background. I set my Oasis to auto brightness, then adjusted it down to 8. The print on the page is so vivid!*So far, the battery life is great! Ive been reading for four days now, several hours per day, and it still has about half a battery remaining. This initial charge may not be indicative of true battery life, since part of it was used in the setting up and downloading, but Im satisfied with it.Now for what I dont like about it:...Cant think of a single thing!This is definitely a keeper for me! If anything comes up that changes my opinion or reinforces my opinion, Ill update my review.(Photo shows Oasis on the left, Voyage in the center, Paperwhite on the right, demonstrating the comparative sizes.)
My 1 star reflects both the quality of the device I received and the subsequent debacle that followed to deal with it.For reference, when I refer to "store," its one of the "Amazon Books" physical locations (in my case LA) where I sampled the device and subsequently bought it.After years of enjoying my paperwhite, I thought it would be a treat to upgrade to the New Oasis.  I wasn't particularly impressed by the original oasis at its steep price point, but like many others, was immediately sold by the "new" oasis that was waterproof and had a range of other new features. For reference, I dont use audible, so have/had no opinion on those options, but I do read hours per day on  my e-reader under both dark and bright ambient lighting situations.Overall, I was in love with the new oasis.  I know some people found the ergonomics strange, but I did not find the metal slippery, nor the corners sharp, nor any of the other complaints relevant to  my personal use.  Basically, it held perfect for me.  Extremely light, and the wide side bar with page buttons allowed me to literally balance this thing on my pinky comfortably or grip it like a book, whichever was more relevant to my position.  Additionally, the auto-flip on the screen was incredibly helpful when, for example i changed sides in bed, and consequently hands.  The extra screen size was awesome, it was fast, and there are host of subtle new things that I liked, which I wont bother to list here.However the breaking point was the screen on my particular device and the debacle it led to.  The screen in the store model was beautiful.  But the device i received at purchase had an extreme color gradient and diminishing illumination horizontally across the screen.  It was very blue (similar to the paperwhite) on the thick, grip side, and yellowish on the thin side.  The text also hazed out the further you got from the grip side.  This meant that after a short time of reading, my eyes were extremely strained from going line by line through clear to hazy, clear to hazy and color temp changes.  Amazon has been making illuminated readers for some time, so tolerating this kind of extreme in a brand new $300 model is a real stretch.  My first generation paperwhite, although not perfect in its illumination consistency, was leaps beyond the quality of this oasis, and that is saying something.I understand that there can be manufacturer's defects and sometimes a lemon, so i wasn't going to let this deter me completely from the product.  I contacted Amazon.com via chat, and they were very understanding and agreed to send me a replacement.  I EXPLICITLY asked if it would be refurbished, and that I would not accept a refurbished model since I'd literally bought the thing that day.  The rep told me it would be brand new.  Imagine my surprise then when I logged into my account to find that the replacement on its way WAS a refurbished model, from a 3rd party seller.  Amazon had even used a different credit card stored on my account (one that doesnt belong to me) to "authorize" the transaction rather than the card I used for the original purchase.Needless to say, this was not ok with me.  I canceled the replacement after a great deal of wait time, and plan to return the oasis for a refund.  I'm not sure what is going on with Amazon and this new device, but if the only way they could get me a good working model without the screen issue was to send one that had been fixed (possibly with the same issue mine had? - assumption, i know, but a legitimate one) then I am not interested in having a first generation of this device at all.  I'm very disappointed because I thought the new oasis was a real contender for a worthy expensive upgrade, but due to the first device being pretty awful in the area that matters most (screen consistency and clarity) and then amazon's indifferent action to resolve it, I think I'm going to move on.  I wanted to share this as a tale of caution, if nothing else.  Obviously I could keep hounding customer service online to get a proper new one sent, or i could keep going back and forth to a store that is not particularly close to me, but I'm too disenfranchised now to bother and have lost faith that this episode wont be repeated.  I'll either wait for Amazon to get its act together with the oasis and buy a model that doesn't have technical problems that lead to consumer nightmares or I'll find something elsewhere.I want to be clear... although I am not against refurbished electronics in general, they sell for discounted prices for a reason...they are used.  I think fixing and reselling bad devices is a great way to reuse materials and avoid waste oveall.  HOWEVER,  replacing a day old device with a manufacturer's problem with a refurbished item is completely wrong, for obvious reasons.  It basically means Amazon is passing on the hit from faulty manufacturing to its most valuable consumers, the ones who were willing to shell out top dollar for a brand new model.  Instead they should be selling those bad devices, refurbished, to customers who dont care and/or are willing to get a used one for the benefit of a discount.  Its extremely disingenuous and in my case, combined with a bad screen from the get-go, was a deal breaker.
SEE MY UPDATES AT THE BOTTOM OF THIS REVIEWI received my Kindle Oasis a day before the official release date (thanks UPS!) so Ive had some time to explore it already. Ive owned many Kindles throughout the years starting with the very first one (the white model with the funky liquid crystal scroll bar). I can already tell that the new Kindle Oasis is a keeper! I wont go over all of actual interface details and how the Kindle works as these are pretty similar between models. Instead I want to focus on the hardware itself and what makes the Kindle Oasis the Kindle to get!StyleThe Kindle Oasis is a high-end device and it looks like it! The front is a nice matte texture that extends all the way to the outer edges of the device and is framed by the aluminum back that creeps in from the sides to form a slight border. The screen itself is beneath this textured front so theres no edge on the screen where you can see the separate of the screen from the bezel. Its all smooth across the entire point other than the two small page turn buttons.The only other button on the unit is the sleep/wake button along the top edge.The back of the unit is a very nice dark silver aluminum with the Amazon logo printed tastefully on it. There is a slight hump on the back that takes up about a third of the total width. Im sure this is where Amazon has stashed the battery and other electronics, and it makes for a great grip for holding the unit with one hand.ControlAs I mentioned above, you can easily grip the unit with one hand using the hump on the back and then use your other hand just to support the other edge. This allows you to access the page turn buttons with your thumb. You can also flip the unit upside down if youd like to hold it with your other hand and the display will flip accordingly so your book is always right side up. The page turn buttons feel very nice and emit a very slight click when depressed. This isnt very loud but if you feel that your significant other may get annoyed with it if youre reading in bed you can always just tap the left or right side of the screen for silent page turning.The touch screen on the Kindle Oasis is very responsive and makes entering text a breeze. When you initially setup the unit you will need to enter your wi-fi password so this gives you a taste of how easy it is to enter text.Adjusting settings such as the screen brightness via the touch screen seems more responsive than on earlier models and the entire interface feels more like a tablet now. You wont get super smooth animation like with a traditional LCD display but you also wont get the eye strain either, and that tradeoff is just fine with me!Tapping the top of the display brings up the menu from any screen. From here you can quickly return to the home screen to switch books or go to the store to buy more books. You can also quickly access the most commonly used settings such as light brightness and airplane mode.Pushing the button on top of the unit puts it to sleep and, as you guessed, wakes it back up. When you wake the unit you have to do a Apple-esque swipe to unlock it. This prevents accidental button presses from waking the unit while its in your bag, purse, carrying case, etc.Overall the controls are just perfect. Amazon has put just what you need and nothing else. I really like that they have included the small physical page turn buttons rather than going with touchscreen-only controls. This gives you the option to page through your book in whichever way feels best to you.DisplayThe display is a great size and really feels like you are ready a small paperback book. The text is super crisp and looks more like paper than ever before.There are still the page refresh flickers from the eInk technology but compared to previous models they seem to be optimized now to only refresh the area of the screen that is actually changing rather than the entire page. So when you turn the page while reading the flicker is almost nonexistent unless you are changing to or from a page that has things other than standard text on it (for instance, the beginning of a new chapter that has larger fonts or stylized lettering).The lighting on the display is very even now. I had the original Kindle Paperwhite and always felt that the lighting on that model showed obvious signs of where the individual LEDs were positioned along the side of the screen. With the new Kindle Oasis you cant tell at all where the LEDs are placed. You get a very consistently even glow across the entire screen. I have noticed a VERY slight area that seems a tad brighter in one area but it isn't enough to bother me. I'll update this review if it gets worse. The display can get very bright, but more importantly it can get very dim but still be usable. This is great for reading in bed with somebody else whos already gone to sleep as you can have all the lights off in the room and have the Kindle Oasis at a brightness level that wont disturb the other person but yet still be bright enough for you to read.The one issue I have with the light is the control to adjust the brightness. Tapping the on-screen brightness control sometimes isnt very responsive. You also have to be careful if you are in the dark because if you adjust down too far the light will turn off completely and you wont be able to see the button on the screen to turn it back on.Of course if you are reading in daylight theres no need to even use the light and as always the eInk display is as easy to read in direct sunlight as paper.I really couldnt ask for anything more from the display (other than color eInk but it doesnt seem like well be getting that anytime soon). Reading on it is delightful, day or night.BatteryThe Kindle Oasis is claimed to have weeks worth of power from a single charge and although I havent been able to test this since I just got the unit I have no reason to doubt this claim based on past Kindles. The display technology is very power efficient and its this battery longevity long with the superior display that really make the Kindle Oasis a great alternative to reading books on your phone or tablet.The unit charges through a standard micro-USB connection so if you already have cables and chargers for micro-USB you can use them with your Kindle Oasis as well.WeightDespite having a gorgeous metal back the Kindle Oasis still manages to feel light in the hand. Holding it for reading is no problem. Holding it with one hand may get a little tiresome after awhile but you can comfortably hold it with two hands with hardly any effort at all.WaterproofingOf course one of the big new features with the Kindle Oasis is its waterproofing. I havent tried this and hope not to, but its nice to know that it should survive an accidental dip in the pool or splash from the ocean when youre reading on vacation. One of the few actual printed instructions that comes in the box is a note explaining how to drain the unit if you get it wet and how to wash it out with clean water if you happen to get it in salt water or some other potentially damaging liquid. The note stresses that just because its waterproof doesnt mean that you should use it underwater, so any dreams  of reading while snorkeling are going to have to remain dreams for now.SummaryThis is a premium device and it shows. If you are looking for a Kindle and can afford the extra cost for this one then dont hesitate. Theres no better way to read eBooks. Amazon has taken all my wishlist items such as premium materials, touchscreen while still having physical page turn buttons, high resolution display in a great size and aspect ratio, very even and controllable lighting, waterproofing, and good overall design, and cranked out their best product ever.Verdict: Buy it now!UPDATE 11/8/17: After reading with the Kindle Oasis for a week the bright spot in the lower right corner is really bugging me. It seems to persist regardless of which level of lighting I select. It's noticeably brighter in a circular area and then the light seems to fall off gradually to match the rest of the screen. Because of this I'm considering returning the unit and just getting a Voyage or Paperwhite. Stay tuned.UPDATE 11/10/17: The bright spot on the screen really bothered me, especially with this being a premium device. If it wasn't so expensive I could excuse the bright spot, but at this price level I really expect it to be flawless. I could attempt to exchange for a different unit but my experience in the past is that the replacement unit may have even more screen flaws and Amazon will not continually replace the device when the issues fall within what they consider acceptable (I may just be super sensitive - most people may not even notice a difference). I have instead opted for the Kindle Paperwhite for less than half the price of the Oasis. The Paperwhite definitely has light issues as well, but they are mainly along the bottom of the screen and in specific areas that don't really bother me since they bright spot doesn't overlay the text area. I have also found that the Paperwhite display is actually "whiter" than the Oasis (see attached comparison picture). I had both units set on the same brightness and to me the Paperwhite is a more pleasant shade for reading.Sure, the Paperwhite isn't waterproof, isn't quite as zippy when turning pages (talking milliseconds difference), is a little smaller, doesn't have as much storage (which doesn't really matter unless you need a ton of books available when you are away from wi-fi) ,and weighs a measly 5 grams more, but for my money the Paperwhite is the better device when you factor in the cost. I also like that the Paperwhite has the rubberized back and that the back is the same thickness on both sides. It feels easier to hold.So, while I stand by my original review that the Oasis is the best Kindle yet, the light bright spot coupled with the much higher price lead me to suggest the Paperwhite for most readers.
Great e-reader, but abysmal battery life. I bought mine from another retailer, because Amazon's wait time was too long and I wanted it for a long trip that started the following day.The screen is gorgeous, page turns are fast, lighting is even, the weight and balance are excellent.But all of that doesn't mean much if battery life is just a few (and I mean FEW) hours. I've had a Kindle Paperwhite and a first generation Oasis as well; this new one has the worst battery life by a lot.I have had a Kindle Oasis 2017 (32GB with Cellular) since 3 November. I'm very unimpressed with the battery life. In airplane mode, I think it lasted about 8 hours, brightness no higher than 8 and frequently at 2 or 3. With Cellular on, it was maybe 2-3 hours? I didn't track it, at that time.After the third full charge, I put it on WiFi, and it's had a good signal. I did also make sure it was not stuck indexing. My results from full charge to ! Battery depleted was under four hours. This time I tracked it; see below for brightness levels etc. Next testing will be with in airplane mode, with time and brightness tracked. I got this for travel/long flights, and this is NOT what I expected.Kindle Oasis 2017 battery lifeFull charge. WiFi on.Brightness  Time on  Time off  Total time0  2017-11-13 6:31pm  7:17pm  46min6  10:42pm  10:49pm  7min4; inverted  11:20pm  11:38pm  18min7  9:28am  9:58am  30min4; inverted  11:41pm  12:40am  59min4  2017-11-15 5:43pm  6:12pm - ! Low battery warning 29min4  6:12pm  6:29pm - v low battery warning 17min3hr 36min total
I am in love with this Kindle!  I am an avid reader that does most of my reading on my Kindle.  I have been using different Kindle devices since 2010 or so.  I have a Kindle Keyboard, Kindle Basic, Paperwhite, Voyage, and a Fire that I use at different times.  Each device has features that I like and over the years, I have had several things that I knew I would like to see in a device.  The first Oasis didn't have any real appeal for me but the moment I saw the specs for this version, I knew that I would have to add it to my collection.There are two features on this Oasis that came straight from my personal wish list.  The first is the larger screen size.  I have probably told my husband at least once per week that I would like a bigger Kindle.  Every single new release has had the same 6" screen with the expection of the DX which has not been made for some time and the Fires which I do like to use for reading.  The 7" screen is wonderful.  It is bigger without being cumbersome to handle.  The actual device is not much larger than my Voyage or Paperwhite.  It is a bit wider but the height is fairly equal.  The difference is that there is less of a frame around the screen.I was also very pleased to find page turn buttons on this device.  My Kindle Keyboard and Kindle Basic had this feature but the more recent trend has been a touchscreen such as with the Paperwhite.  I thought that I would like the page press on the Voyage but I found that it was the same as a physical button.  I have already read a novel on my new Oasis and loved being able to press a button to turn the page.  You can still turn pages with the touchscreen if you prefer but I am happy to have the buttons.  You do have to use the touchscreen for other commands and to access the menu features.I like that this Kindle has an aluminum back.  I think it feels like a much more solid e-reader and it feels nice in my hands.  I have not purchased a case for this device yet and have held it in one hand while reading.  It has felt very comfortable and natural.  I am also intrigued by the ability to invert the black and white on the device so the the print is white on a black background.  I did try this feature out just a bit and am not sure how much I will end up using it.  I am still happy to know that it is an option.I have not used the Audible feature on the device.  I do wish that the device had a headphone jack since I have a pair corded headphones that I love.  I am not going to purchase bluetooth headphones just to listen to my audiobooks on this device.  I listen to a lot of Audible audiobooks and have no issue doing so with my cell phone. I think that the size of this device would make it somewhat awkward to carry around in order to listen to my books.  I will be sticking to my cell phone for audiobooks for right now.  If I change my mind, it is nice to know that the device has the capabilities.I can easily say that the Oasis is my favorite Kindle that I have owned.  I like just about everything about it.  The clear and crisp screen is a very nice size, the page turn buttons are perfectly positioned, and the aluminum backing looks and feels nice. I bought the 32 GB device with cell connectivity and am looking forward to spending many quality reading hours with my new Oasis.
I've been using the 300 dpi Paperwhite for over two years and decided to spoil myself with the new 32 GB WiFi Kindle Oasis E-reader. I'm an avid reader with over 500 books just on Amazon.The Kindle Oasis arrived well-packaged in an attractive sealed black box. The first thing I noticed was the sleek glassy surface and thin asymmetrical aluminum construction. Unfortunately, while the Oasis is lighter, the larger size makes it awkward to carry or slip in a pocket. The first thing I did was to buy a MoKo Case to avoid dropping and trashing my expensive new toy. The smaller Paperwhite sports a rubberized exterior providing a far more secure grip.The Oasis already had a half charge on it so it was good to go right out of the box. But there is no charger! Let me repeat that--my $300 ultra-luxury E-reader came without the standard ten dollar charger, only a short USB cord.It took five minutes to link up to my WiFi and Amazon account, adjust the local time and resurrect my library. The only instructions are on the device itself, but it's a no-brainer. Amazon had a software update available that only took a few minutes to download and reboot.The display on the Oasis has a slightly creamy tone when compared to the bright white Paperwhite. The Oasis display is perfectly even across the entire screen; the Paperwhite has a very slight "shadow" at the bottom. The 7-inch screen is significantly larger than the 6-inch Paperwhite screen. I examined the typeface through a loupe and the letters themselves appear identical on both devices.I bought my Oasis with the "special offers," but I quickly found them annoying. I removed the special offers by linking to my on-line Amazon account and coughing up an additional $20.Reading is a joy on the new Oasis. The larger screen and physical page-turn buttons allow you to read one handed and avoid the usual screen taps. The software is almost identical on both devices, though the Oasis allows you to (finally!) access audio books though Bluetooth. I couldn't get my earbuds to link, but Bluetooth is kinda touchy and I'll try it on other stuff, especially my car.One HUGE improvement is that the Oasis is waterproof! This is key for me as I read even while soaking in the tub (TMI). The Paperwhite hates even a droplet of water. One workaround for the Paperwhite is the tough Meritcase Waterproof Case, though it makes screen operation a bit clunky.IN CONCLUSION:Both the 300 dpi Paperwhite and new Kindle Oasis are terrific E-readers. If you have some "stupid money" to throw around, the Oasis is the Rolls Royce of the e-reader world, sporting an elegant waterproof construction and Bluetooth connectivity. But for normal folks, the 300 dpi Paperwhite is an excellent purchase, nearly as good with some superior features at a fraction of the price. I'm dinging the Oasis one star for the over-the-top price tag, mediocre battery life and not including a charger.
Starting with the first gen Kindle, I've owned every advanced model that Amazon has released. Each generation has been a further refinement of Amazon's design philosophy for Kindle: make the device disappear from the experience of reading. First they did it by trimming size and weight. Then came the illuminated screen, eliminating the need for separate lights. Voyager trimmed size and weight further from the Paperwhite, while adding auto-adjusting illumination. Then came the advances of last year's Oasis, which retained the same 6" screen size, but packaged it in an impossibly light, thin and small case designed to be held with one hand. Some grumbled about the battery being split between the Oasis and its cover, but the 2016 Oasis came the closest yet to disappearing while reading.Flash forward one year, and Amazon seems to have abandoned this philosophy completely with the 2017 "New" Oasis, a Kindle seemingly designed to uncomfortably remind you that you're holding a reading device in your hands. It does this in several ways. First, with a significantly bulked up size and weight--it looks and feels much bigger than you'd think compared to the 2016 Oasis, and it's just plain heavy to hold in one hand for extended periods of time. Sure, that weight is fairly well-balanced, but that's like hearing, "Oh, but it's dry heat!" when the temp hits 115 degrees.Second, the added carry-weight of the new Oasis is made worse by the very slippery feel of the new aluminum body, which forces you to grip it more tightly, and that becomes uncomfortable in longer reading sessions. This is definitely not a Kindle that ever disappears in your hands. I've seen some complaints about sharp edges, too, but that was not my experience. I've read that Amazon was going for a more "premium" feeling with this switch to aluminum, but I'm not sure what that means when every cheap tablet out of China has an aluminum body. It's also a foolish design goal for a Kindle, where priority should be given to materials that are comfortable to hold in-hand for hours at a time. And finally, this aluminum body is cold to the touch, about as unbook-like a reading experience as you can have. The ergonomics, in summary, scream to remind you that you're holding a device.So, is there anything I liked about the New Oasis? Yes, and that's what makes it especially disappointing: the 7" screen is really great, and has the immediate feeling of being the "right" size for a Kindle screen. My old Oasis and Voyager now look cramped by comparison. The larger screen somehow makes the experience of reading feel "roomier" and more relaxing--and perhaps this is just because it's closer to the page size in a real book. My new Oasis did not have the screen lighting issues some have reported but, as I've read elsewhere, the background does appear to be less white than previous Kindles, but that change actually looks more like printing on a paper page to my eye.My hope for the next gen Kindle is something like a 7" Voyager form-factor, but one that narrows bezels as much as possible for a smaller size, while using materials chosen for light weight and a comfortable feeling in the hand. In the meantime, my new Kindle Oasis will be going back to Amazon, and it's the first next-gen Kindle that I've ever returned. That should tell you a lot. Thanks for taking the time to read my review and I hope you find it helpful in making a buying decision.
For the 2017 Kindle Oasis the answer seems to be yes-Heres why-One of the first things you notice, after the size increase, is the total look and feel of quality:Refined aluminum outer shell that will resist scratches.Page turn buttons-similar to the last Oasis version.Well balanced when in the hand.The lighting seems to be the best that the Kindle team has put forward yet- It seems they have taken prior criticism to heart and made a focus on making the lighting as flawless as possible.Overall fit and finish-this thing looks and feels refined. You get the same sense of quality you get when you pick up an Ipad (whether you like Apple or not).Faster page turns.Lighting/ Screen quality:Amazon must have taken poor reviews on some other models to heart and focused on eliminating these issues. Now with 12 LED bulbs, the lighting is more uniform than any prior unit. Far better than the Paperwhite (while decent for the money- the Oasis is far better). I would rank the Voyage as having a more even screen than my 2016 Oasis-The 2017 OASIS HAS THE BEST SCREEN YET).The screen has a warmer hue than the Paperwhite, Voyage or Oasis 1.No visible light cones.7 screen displays more text for less page flips.Graphics look better-small print displayed better.Inverted White/ Black option is nice change that displays less light...good for some that read in bed with partners.The Kindle team set the reading plane lower in the device(the glass is thicker) the eliminate light cones. The addition of 2 more LED units makes for the most even lighting possible.  A one inch screen size really makes a difference in the reading experience-I stopped reading on my Old Oasis and Voyage after getting this unit...ABSOLUTELY FLAWLESS! While the other Kindles are fine, when you put them side by side with the Oasis...NO COMPARISON...OASIS WINS!Font boldness control, size options and Black /White color conversionKindle added more font sizes and boldness control-great for all readers-available on software update on other readers.Black /White inversion is a neat new reading option-exclusive on the Oasis.For the visually challenged:THIS IS THE DEVICE FOR YOU. Large fonts look more normal on this larger screen.Less page flips-really noticeable on larger fonts.Bold font options.about time!White /Black color inversion option. Great for nighttime readers with a partner.Magazines:This is an area that many will overlook...Magazines look better on a 7 screen than 6WeightAt 194 grams it is slightly lighter than the Paperwhite at 205grams and slightly heavier than the Voyage...In reality you can hardly feel the difference. It is however, significantly heavier than the prior Oasis model without the cove that only weighed 131 grams.Page turn buttons:Similar to last years modelMuch better than the Voyage- you can easily feel these, even in the dark.A slight click when the buttons are pushed leaves no doubt that the page will turn. These buttons really make it easy to stay focused on reading-no need to swipe the page, just klick the button. Once you get used to the buttons it is hard to go back to a Paperwhite.Asymmetrical Design:Very similar to last years model; they expanded the gripping area on the bezel to allow for wider thumbs that dont overlap the screen while in use. One the Voyage, my thumb is half on, half off the device when in use.The screen and button function auto flip when you change hands.Well balanced and secure in the hand while holding.Storage:8 gigs is plenty for most ebook readers, however if you plan to use Audible or have a large library consider paying $30 more for the 32gig model(about 27 gigs in actual use)Graphic and image heavy books can exceed 200 mg in size Examples are Manga, Comics, Cookbooks, Magazines and How to books.My library has a little over 2000 items and does not totally fit on any other Kindle device-no problem on a 32 gig Oasis!Audible:Seamless switching from reading to Audible if you own the e-book and the Audible version. They offer a 32 gig option for 30 dollars more if you plan on storing a lot of Audible books.This device does not have speakers. You need to pair it with blue tooth speakers or headphones.PLEASE NOTE THERE IS NO TEXT TO SPEECH...No e-reader on the market has this.Amazon E-book/Audible ecosystem:Simply the most extensive e-book store on the planet.Almost always the lowest price.Audible offers membership specials that can save you money.Kindle Unlimited -a exclusive option that seems to be best for inexpensive fiction books.Waterproofing:I tried this just to make sure it works  good addition.Battery:Seems to last about the same as the Voyage and charges in under 2 hours.Optional cover:Solid protection for the device. The Origami style stand is OK-not great. Consider getting a small tablet stand(Amazon carries a multitude of these).Portability:Definitely not a pocket device.Quality:10 out of 10! SIMPLY THE BESTCost:Amazon does not need to apologize for cost on this one-Sure it is twice the price of the Paperwhite (and that is a fine choice in its price range) but simply put THIS IS THE BEST KINDLE UNIT AMAZON HAS MADE TO DATE.For $50 dollars more than the Voyage you get  a bigger screen, more storage, Audible, page turn buttons, brighter screen and better display of graphics and magazines.$40 less than 2016s unit.Upgrade options:$20 to remove adds...I did to stop seeing adds and having to swipe the device to unlock it. I read a lot and would rather see the regular screen savers. I included a photo.$30 for 32 gig storage  I opted for this because I have a huge e-book and Audible library.44.99 or 59.99 -Honestly I cant recommend this-the magnets are not super secure-they hold ok...6/10 from me.4G- In this day and age many of us have wi-fi available-just store all of your books on the device. I passed on this expense.Pros:Best displayGreat for large font usersNo compromises-high qualityVast storage optionsAudiblePage turn buttonsWhite /Black inversion optionLike all Kindles you get Amazons vast ebook ecosystem-titles you will not find elsewhereCons:Portability-This device does not fit most shirt or pants pocketsCost-still $40 less than last years OasisIn short  The OASIS IS BETTER-NOT JUST BIGGERUpdate:After spending more time with the unit, I would give this device 10 out of 10 for the right user. I have owned every unit since the Kindle Keyboard and the Oasis 2 is by far the best. I stopped using my other devices after getting the Oasis-It is that much more enjoyable to read on.  Lets take a look at who this device is for:Dont buy if:You want an e-reader that easily fits in your pocket-get the Paperwhite or Voyage.You are looking for text to speech. None of the current e-readers offer this. I see poor reviews for the device because it does not have this...no current e-reader does.Budget is a priority. The Paperwhite is a fine budget friendly option.Do buy if:You want the finest e-reader available. This Kindle has the reading plane set below thicker glass to eliminate most of the light cones previous models occasionally had. The lighting is phenomenal. Page turn buttons make a difference.You want a larger reading screen that feels more like a book. E-reading immersion at its best.A visually challenged reader that uses larger fonts.You need more storage.If you can swing it -BUY IT-IT DOES NOT GET BETTER THAN THIS
Just short of ten years from the date Amazon introduced the very first Amazon this 9th generation Kindle has been released. Amazon called their new device a Kindle, meaning to light a fire. (original release date was November 19, 2007; this new model October 31, 2017).Like the original Oasis this is Amazons most expensive model, but in my opinion the new features of this Oasis do justify the higher price. Customers asked Amazon for a larger display, for a waterproof Kindle, for audiobook capability  and this new model has all of those features, and more.WHAT IS DIFFERENT ABOUT THE NEW OASIS?The larger display may be the most immediately noticeable difference, and the waterproof capability may be the most significant for many users, and many users will cheer that they can finally play their audiobooks with this Kindle, but for me the biggest difference is that unlike the original Oasis (https://www.amazon.com/Kindle-Oasis-reader-Leather-Charging/dp/B015YKFBC2/) with the battery contained in both the Oasis and the cover, the battery for this new model is fully enclosed in the Oasis itself.This means that you can use any cover you want, and finally I have an Oasis that has a cover that folds origami style so I can read when eating or at my desk, just like my trusty old Voyage (https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00IOY8XWQ/).The key differences are the following:-- larger display, 7 vs 6 for all other current Kindle models (the early Kindle DX, discontinued in 2014, had a 9.7 display).-- the display has more elements (12 vs 10 LEDs in original Oasis) for better lighting uniformity-- display brightness range is about 10% greater (brightest level is higher)-- lighting is adaptive with 2 ambient sensors (the Voyage has this capability too, but not the original Oasis)-- waterproof (first time for any Kindle)-- audiobook capability (see more detailed discussion later in this review)-- greater storage capability for both Kindle books and audiobooks  8 or 32 GB (vs 4 GB for other Kindles)-- beautiful metal (aluminum) construction, looks and feels great-- covers now provide origami folding capability for reading-- software updates provide greater variation in font sizes (14 sizes vs 8 previously) and boldness can now be varied for all fonts (5 levels of boldness; previously Amber Bold was the sole font available with Bold)-- now uses 4G LTE connectivity if that version is purchased (previously 3G)-- Amazon says this new Oasis has faster page turns (they claim up to 20% faster) due to software and display improvements (and maybe a better processor?)-- the battery is entirely within the OasisUSING THE NEW OASISThe larger size is immediately noticeable and for some people I am guessing that the 6 Kindle models may be more comfortable in the hand. I can barely reach across the face of the Oasis to pick it up, but when holding it in my hand it is comfortable and light weight.This new Oasis uses the same shape as the earlier Oasis, with a bump in the rear of the device that shifts the weight to one side. The page turn buttons are located on that side as well, so the display will automatically flip if the Oasis is turned to hold in one hand or another.HOW GOOD IS THE NEW DISPLAY?All of the earlier lighted Kindle models have had various issues with uneven lighting and customer complaints that the source of the lighting at the side or bottom of the display was distracting. I have one of the first generation Paperwhite models, a Voyage, and the original Oasis, and Ive never been bothered by the lighting or had some of the issues that some customers have experienced, but I could detect the lighting sources for those earlier models.With this new Oasis, Ive tried very hard to see if the LEDs can be detected and I do not see anything whatsoever. It is terrific, uniformly illuminated and with a glare-free display that works well indoors or outdoors.WATERPROOF?This Oasis has a waterproof rating of IPX8 which translates to protection against immersion of 1 meter or more (Amazon states up to 2 meters for 60 minutes in fresh water). I have noticed that when inserting the usb cable to charge this Oasis, it requires a more forceful push to fully engage the cable, which suggests to me that there is an internal protection within the charging port to keep water out.Amazon provides instructions with the Oasis for drying it out if it is submerged or becomes wet.No, I have not tried soaking my Oasis in the bathtub to see if it still works afterwards! I prefer to take Amazons word for it!AUDIOBOOK CAPABILITY!Amazon has had Bluetooth built into a couple of recent models, for example the current basic Kindle model has Bluetooth and can be paired with a speaker to use text-to-speech. However this is the only current model to include the ability to download Audible audiobooks onto the Oasis and then play them with paired speakers or headphones / earbuds.Once the Oasis is paired with a Bluetooth audio device, then the Oasis can be used to store audiobooks and play them whenever desired.This audiobook capability is the reason Amazon made this Oasis available with significantly more storage space than other Kindles  8 or 32 GB vs 4 GB for all other Kindles.EXPENSIVE BUT THE OPTIONS MAKE A BIG DIFFERENCEI paid $309.99 for my previous Oasis, which included the leather case, without special offers and wi-fi only.This new Oasis has a base price of $249.99 but depending upon how you configure it, the price can be much higher:-- $20 to remove special offers-- $30 to upgrade to 32 GB storage-- $44.99 for fabric cover-- $59.99 for leather cover-- $50.00 for  wi-fi + cellular connectivity but if the Oasis is purchased this way then it automatically bundles with the 32 GB storage and removes special offers (separately those total $50)Some examples of Oasis prices would therefore be:-- least expensive Oasis = $294.98 (base Oasis, 8 GB, wi-fi only, special offers, fabric cover)-- least expensive Oasis with leather cover = $309.98 (base Oasis, 8 GB, wi-fi only, special offers, leather cover)-- most expensive Oasis = $409.98 (base Oasis, 32 GB, wi-fi + cellular, without special offers, leather cover)A charger / power adaptor is not included. Amazons own 5W model is $19.99 and is a bit expensive. An equally capable charger can be purchased here on Amazon for much less.
The new Oasis finally brings waterproofing that I wished my Voyage had, and personally I appreciate the Audible integration. I do hope that a software update will bring the option for immersion reading eventually, and perhaps more control over font appearance. I will not do a full review as others have already done a great job covering the Oasis's strengths, with which I fully agree. Instead I want to call attention to the serious quality control issues plaguing this latest generation of Oasis, issues that Amazon should have worked out by now after launching so many Kindles.I pre-ordered the new Oasis, and since Oct. 31st have had to get two replacements just to have a unit with an acceptable display. The first one I received had a warped case and uneven screen with washed out blurry text. The second unit was also washed out and had a stuck bright pixel. Fortunately, the third Oasis I received finally had acceptable contrast and sharpness, though it's a noticeable step down from the screen on my Voyage. The Voyage has true deep blacks and sharp text that looks like it's printed on a page. The page surface is also whiter (even with the backlight off). All of that works to produce high contrast and an enjoyable reading experience. The Oasis has more of a gray page surface and the text never gets as sharp or as black. It's much more like reading on an lcd than e-ink. I suspect the issue stems at least in part from the increase in screen size without an increase in dpi. Perhaps it could be improved with a software update (I hope!) But I think the slightly different surface of the e-ink screen will always limit the contrast on the Oasis. An additional factor is that the screen on the Oasis seems slightly more recessed from the actual glass, while the Voyage's screen is virtually right up against the glass. I think that the anti-glare coating combined with that slight recess contributes to blurrier text on the Oasis. The bezel also casts more noticeable shadows along the screen edges as a result. It's unfortunate that the R&D; team missed these details. While I like the new features the Oasis brings, I don't want to lose quality on the most important element. The screen quality should have come first above anything else!In the attached image you can see how big a difference it makes if you're lucky enough to get a "good one." The last unit I received, with the good screen, is on the left, and the previous unit is on the right. They are both on the same book, same page, same font and brightness settings (auto brightness off), but there is a major difference in brightness, evenness, and contrast.This isn't unusual for a new product, but it is extremely disappointing and frustrating if you end up with a poor quality device, especially when the replacement is crappy too! If you don't want to risk having to spend hours coordinating replacements, I would suggest waiting until Amazon improves the manufacturing and quality control for the new Oasis.
I have a Paperwhite and a Voyage and I love them both. When the 2016 Oasis was introduced, I studied it, but the mandatory cover and several reviews made me wait. When I saw that a New Oasis was being released this month, I read the specs and knew I had to have it. The Audible capability wasnt important to me; I prefer to listen on my phone. Waterproof isnt a big deal for me either, since I dont read near water; but its nice knowing that a little rain wont kill it. So I pre-ordered the 32gb...more storage, more books! I selected wi-fi only; if Im going to be away from home, I download more books than I can possibly read in one trip. I also selected with special offers; Ill remove it later if it starts to annoy me. I did not purchase a cover, because I usually remove them and they end up in the bottom of a drawer. I did purchase a no-glare screen protector, which I installed as soon I opened the box.Now for why I just love my new Oasis:*Right out of the box, it was so easy to set up! As soon as I entered my wi-fi password, it connected immediately, greeted me by name, and promptly showed my library.*The screen is more responsive. When I enter my password, there is no lag time; it responds as quickly as my phone & tablets do.*The screen size is perfect! And I dont even notice any lights; it looks like a paper page. And the page turn is immediate!*I love the feel of it in my hand. Some reviewers mentioned sharp edges, discomfort, cant hold for too long, too heavy...I notice none of those things. I usually hold in my right hand and it fits perfectly! The side rests comfortably across my hand, with my thumb resting along the edge. On the back, where the thicker portion meets the thin, it curves slightly inward, where my fingertips are completely at home. With both my Paperwhite and Voyage, I constantly shift the device as my hand tires. Not so with this Oasis! I read for hours at a time and dont tire. And when I do switch it to my left hand, its instant and seamless, no waiting for the page to adjust.*The page turn buttons...some reviews said that the buttons are too loud. Really?! When I read those comments, I had to check mine. Its a tiny click, not loud at all (mostly felt, rather than heard)! The default setting is page forward on top, page back on the bottom. I left mine at that setting since it works for me. And, if you switch to the opposite hand, those settings stay the same.*Some reviewers are unhappy with the metal back, its too slick, too slippery, too cold...again, I notice none of those things. It feels substantial, certainly classier than plastic.*I love the new font sizes, and the ability to make them bolder, as well as the capability to switch to white print on black background. I set my Oasis to auto brightness, then adjusted it down to 8. The print on the page is so vivid!*So far, the battery life is great! Ive been reading for four days now, several hours per day, and it still has about half a battery remaining. This initial charge may not be indicative of true battery life, since part of it was used in the setting up and downloading, but Im satisfied with it.Now for what I dont like about it:...Cant think of a single thing!This is definitely a keeper for me! If anything comes up that changes my opinion or reinforces my opinion, Ill update my review.(Photo shows Oasis on the left, Voyage in the center, Paperwhite on the right, demonstrating the comparative sizes.)
My 1 star reflects both the quality of the device I received and the subsequent debacle that followed to deal with it.For reference, when I refer to "store," its one of the "Amazon Books" physical locations (in my case LA) where I sampled the device and subsequently bought it.After years of enjoying my paperwhite, I thought it would be a treat to upgrade to the New Oasis.  I wasn't particularly impressed by the original oasis at its steep price point, but like many others, was immediately sold by the "new" oasis that was waterproof and had a range of other new features. For reference, I dont use audible, so have/had no opinion on those options, but I do read hours per day on  my e-reader under both dark and bright ambient lighting situations.Overall, I was in love with the new oasis.  I know some people found the ergonomics strange, but I did not find the metal slippery, nor the corners sharp, nor any of the other complaints relevant to  my personal use.  Basically, it held perfect for me.  Extremely light, and the wide side bar with page buttons allowed me to literally balance this thing on my pinky comfortably or grip it like a book, whichever was more relevant to my position.  Additionally, the auto-flip on the screen was incredibly helpful when, for example i changed sides in bed, and consequently hands.  The extra screen size was awesome, it was fast, and there are host of subtle new things that I liked, which I wont bother to list here.However the breaking point was the screen on my particular device and the debacle it led to.  The screen in the store model was beautiful.  But the device i received at purchase had an extreme color gradient and diminishing illumination horizontally across the screen.  It was very blue (similar to the paperwhite) on the thick, grip side, and yellowish on the thin side.  The text also hazed out the further you got from the grip side.  This meant that after a short time of reading, my eyes were extremely strained from going line by line through clear to hazy, clear to hazy and color temp changes.  Amazon has been making illuminated readers for some time, so tolerating this kind of extreme in a brand new $300 model is a real stretch.  My first generation paperwhite, although not perfect in its illumination consistency, was leaps beyond the quality of this oasis, and that is saying something.I understand that there can be manufacturer's defects and sometimes a lemon, so i wasn't going to let this deter me completely from the product.  I contacted Amazon.com via chat, and they were very understanding and agreed to send me a replacement.  I EXPLICITLY asked if it would be refurbished, and that I would not accept a refurbished model since I'd literally bought the thing that day.  The rep told me it would be brand new.  Imagine my surprise then when I logged into my account to find that the replacement on its way WAS a refurbished model, from a 3rd party seller.  Amazon had even used a different credit card stored on my account (one that doesnt belong to me) to "authorize" the transaction rather than the card I used for the original purchase.Needless to say, this was not ok with me.  I canceled the replacement after a great deal of wait time, and plan to return the oasis for a refund.  I'm not sure what is going on with Amazon and this new device, but if the only way they could get me a good working model without the screen issue was to send one that had been fixed (possibly with the same issue mine had? - assumption, i know, but a legitimate one) then I am not interested in having a first generation of this device at all.  I'm very disappointed because I thought the new oasis was a real contender for a worthy expensive upgrade, but due to the first device being pretty awful in the area that matters most (screen consistency and clarity) and then amazon's indifferent action to resolve it, I think I'm going to move on.  I wanted to share this as a tale of caution, if nothing else.  Obviously I could keep hounding customer service online to get a proper new one sent, or i could keep going back and forth to a store that is not particularly close to me, but I'm too disenfranchised now to bother and have lost faith that this episode wont be repeated.  I'll either wait for Amazon to get its act together with the oasis and buy a model that doesn't have technical problems that lead to consumer nightmares or I'll find something elsewhere.I want to be clear... although I am not against refurbished electronics in general, they sell for discounted prices for a reason...they are used.  I think fixing and reselling bad devices is a great way to reuse materials and avoid waste oveall.  HOWEVER,  replacing a day old device with a manufacturer's problem with a refurbished item is completely wrong, for obvious reasons.  It basically means Amazon is passing on the hit from faulty manufacturing to its most valuable consumers, the ones who were willing to shell out top dollar for a brand new model.  Instead they should be selling those bad devices, refurbished, to customers who dont care and/or are willing to get a used one for the benefit of a discount.  Its extremely disingenuous and in my case, combined with a bad screen from the get-go, was a deal breaker.
SEE MY UPDATES AT THE BOTTOM OF THIS REVIEWI received my Kindle Oasis a day before the official release date (thanks UPS!) so Ive had some time to explore it already. Ive owned many Kindles throughout the years starting with the very first one (the white model with the funky liquid crystal scroll bar). I can already tell that the new Kindle Oasis is a keeper! I wont go over all of actual interface details and how the Kindle works as these are pretty similar between models. Instead I want to focus on the hardware itself and what makes the Kindle Oasis the Kindle to get!StyleThe Kindle Oasis is a high-end device and it looks like it! The front is a nice matte texture that extends all the way to the outer edges of the device and is framed by the aluminum back that creeps in from the sides to form a slight border. The screen itself is beneath this textured front so theres no edge on the screen where you can see the separate of the screen from the bezel. Its all smooth across the entire point other than the two small page turn buttons.The only other button on the unit is the sleep/wake button along the top edge.The back of the unit is a very nice dark silver aluminum with the Amazon logo printed tastefully on it. There is a slight hump on the back that takes up about a third of the total width. Im sure this is where Amazon has stashed the battery and other electronics, and it makes for a great grip for holding the unit with one hand.ControlAs I mentioned above, you can easily grip the unit with one hand using the hump on the back and then use your other hand just to support the other edge. This allows you to access the page turn buttons with your thumb. You can also flip the unit upside down if youd like to hold it with your other hand and the display will flip accordingly so your book is always right side up. The page turn buttons feel very nice and emit a very slight click when depressed. This isnt very loud but if you feel that your significant other may get annoyed with it if youre reading in bed you can always just tap the left or right side of the screen for silent page turning.The touch screen on the Kindle Oasis is very responsive and makes entering text a breeze. When you initially setup the unit you will need to enter your wi-fi password so this gives you a taste of how easy it is to enter text.Adjusting settings such as the screen brightness via the touch screen seems more responsive than on earlier models and the entire interface feels more like a tablet now. You wont get super smooth animation like with a traditional LCD display but you also wont get the eye strain either, and that tradeoff is just fine with me!Tapping the top of the display brings up the menu from any screen. From here you can quickly return to the home screen to switch books or go to the store to buy more books. You can also quickly access the most commonly used settings such as light brightness and airplane mode.Pushing the button on top of the unit puts it to sleep and, as you guessed, wakes it back up. When you wake the unit you have to do a Apple-esque swipe to unlock it. This prevents accidental button presses from waking the unit while its in your bag, purse, carrying case, etc.Overall the controls are just perfect. Amazon has put just what you need and nothing else. I really like that they have included the small physical page turn buttons rather than going with touchscreen-only controls. This gives you the option to page through your book in whichever way feels best to you.DisplayThe display is a great size and really feels like you are ready a small paperback book. The text is super crisp and looks more like paper than ever before.There are still the page refresh flickers from the eInk technology but compared to previous models they seem to be optimized now to only refresh the area of the screen that is actually changing rather than the entire page. So when you turn the page while reading the flicker is almost nonexistent unless you are changing to or from a page that has things other than standard text on it (for instance, the beginning of a new chapter that has larger fonts or stylized lettering).The lighting on the display is very even now. I had the original Kindle Paperwhite and always felt that the lighting on that model showed obvious signs of where the individual LEDs were positioned along the side of the screen. With the new Kindle Oasis you cant tell at all where the LEDs are placed. You get a very consistently even glow across the entire screen. I have noticed a VERY slight area that seems a tad brighter in one area but it isn't enough to bother me. I'll update this review if it gets worse. The display can get very bright, but more importantly it can get very dim but still be usable. This is great for reading in bed with somebody else whos already gone to sleep as you can have all the lights off in the room and have the Kindle Oasis at a brightness level that wont disturb the other person but yet still be bright enough for you to read.The one issue I have with the light is the control to adjust the brightness. Tapping the on-screen brightness control sometimes isnt very responsive. You also have to be careful if you are in the dark because if you adjust down too far the light will turn off completely and you wont be able to see the button on the screen to turn it back on.Of course if you are reading in daylight theres no need to even use the light and as always the eInk display is as easy to read in direct sunlight as paper.I really couldnt ask for anything more from the display (other than color eInk but it doesnt seem like well be getting that anytime soon). Reading on it is delightful, day or night.BatteryThe Kindle Oasis is claimed to have weeks worth of power from a single charge and although I havent been able to test this since I just got the unit I have no reason to doubt this claim based on past Kindles. The display technology is very power efficient and its this battery longevity long with the superior display that really make the Kindle Oasis a great alternative to reading books on your phone or tablet.The unit charges through a standard micro-USB connection so if you already have cables and chargers for micro-USB you can use them with your Kindle Oasis as well.WeightDespite having a gorgeous metal back the Kindle Oasis still manages to feel light in the hand. Holding it for reading is no problem. Holding it with one hand may get a little tiresome after awhile but you can comfortably hold it with two hands with hardly any effort at all.WaterproofingOf course one of the big new features with the Kindle Oasis is its waterproofing. I havent tried this and hope not to, but its nice to know that it should survive an accidental dip in the pool or splash from the ocean when youre reading on vacation. One of the few actual printed instructions that comes in the box is a note explaining how to drain the unit if you get it wet and how to wash it out with clean water if you happen to get it in salt water or some other potentially damaging liquid. The note stresses that just because its waterproof doesnt mean that you should use it underwater, so any dreams  of reading while snorkeling are going to have to remain dreams for now.SummaryThis is a premium device and it shows. If you are looking for a Kindle and can afford the extra cost for this one then dont hesitate. Theres no better way to read eBooks. Amazon has taken all my wishlist items such as premium materials, touchscreen while still having physical page turn buttons, high resolution display in a great size and aspect ratio, very even and controllable lighting, waterproofing, and good overall design, and cranked out their best product ever.Verdict: Buy it now!UPDATE 11/8/17: After reading with the Kindle Oasis for a week the bright spot in the lower right corner is really bugging me. It seems to persist regardless of which level of lighting I select. It's noticeably brighter in a circular area and then the light seems to fall off gradually to match the rest of the screen. Because of this I'm considering returning the unit and just getting a Voyage or Paperwhite. Stay tuned.UPDATE 11/10/17: The bright spot on the screen really bothered me, especially with this being a premium device. If it wasn't so expensive I could excuse the bright spot, but at this price level I really expect it to be flawless. I could attempt to exchange for a different unit but my experience in the past is that the replacement unit may have even more screen flaws and Amazon will not continually replace the device when the issues fall within what they consider acceptable (I may just be super sensitive - most people may not even notice a difference). I have instead opted for the Kindle Paperwhite for less than half the price of the Oasis. The Paperwhite definitely has light issues as well, but they are mainly along the bottom of the screen and in specific areas that don't really bother me since they bright spot doesn't overlay the text area. I have also found that the Paperwhite display is actually "whiter" than the Oasis (see attached comparison picture). I had both units set on the same brightness and to me the Paperwhite is a more pleasant shade for reading.Sure, the Paperwhite isn't waterproof, isn't quite as zippy when turning pages (talking milliseconds difference), is a little smaller, doesn't have as much storage (which doesn't really matter unless you need a ton of books available when you are away from wi-fi) ,and weighs a measly 5 grams more, but for my money the Paperwhite is the better device when you factor in the cost. I also like that the Paperwhite has the rubberized back and that the back is the same thickness on both sides. It feels easier to hold.So, while I stand by my original review that the Oasis is the best Kindle yet, the light bright spot coupled with the much higher price lead me to suggest the Paperwhite for most readers.
Great e-reader, but abysmal battery life. I bought mine from another retailer, because Amazon's wait time was too long and I wanted it for a long trip that started the following day.The screen is gorgeous, page turns are fast, lighting is even, the weight and balance are excellent.But all of that doesn't mean much if battery life is just a few (and I mean FEW) hours. I've had a Kindle Paperwhite and a first generation Oasis as well; this new one has the worst battery life by a lot.I have had a Kindle Oasis 2017 (32GB with Cellular) since 3 November. I'm very unimpressed with the battery life. In airplane mode, I think it lasted about 8 hours, brightness no higher than 8 and frequently at 2 or 3. With Cellular on, it was maybe 2-3 hours? I didn't track it, at that time.After the third full charge, I put it on WiFi, and it's had a good signal. I did also make sure it was not stuck indexing. My results from full charge to ! Battery depleted was under four hours. This time I tracked it; see below for brightness levels etc. Next testing will be with in airplane mode, with time and brightness tracked. I got this for travel/long flights, and this is NOT what I expected.Kindle Oasis 2017 battery lifeFull charge. WiFi on.Brightness  Time on  Time off  Total time0  2017-11-13 6:31pm  7:17pm  46min6  10:42pm  10:49pm  7min4; inverted  11:20pm  11:38pm  18min7  9:28am  9:58am  30min4; inverted  11:41pm  12:40am  59min4  2017-11-15 5:43pm  6:12pm - ! Low battery warning 29min4  6:12pm  6:29pm - v low battery warning 17min3hr 36min total
I am in love with this Kindle!  I am an avid reader that does most of my reading on my Kindle.  I have been using different Kindle devices since 2010 or so.  I have a Kindle Keyboard, Kindle Basic, Paperwhite, Voyage, and a Fire that I use at different times.  Each device has features that I like and over the years, I have had several things that I knew I would like to see in a device.  The first Oasis didn't have any real appeal for me but the moment I saw the specs for this version, I knew that I would have to add it to my collection.There are two features on this Oasis that came straight from my personal wish list.  The first is the larger screen size.  I have probably told my husband at least once per week that I would like a bigger Kindle.  Every single new release has had the same 6" screen with the expection of the DX which has not been made for some time and the Fires which I do like to use for reading.  The 7" screen is wonderful.  It is bigger without being cumbersome to handle.  The actual device is not much larger than my Voyage or Paperwhite.  It is a bit wider but the height is fairly equal.  The difference is that there is less of a frame around the screen.I was also very pleased to find page turn buttons on this device.  My Kindle Keyboard and Kindle Basic had this feature but the more recent trend has been a touchscreen such as with the Paperwhite.  I thought that I would like the page press on the Voyage but I found that it was the same as a physical button.  I have already read a novel on my new Oasis and loved being able to press a button to turn the page.  You can still turn pages with the touchscreen if you prefer but I am happy to have the buttons.  You do have to use the touchscreen for other commands and to access the menu features.I like that this Kindle has an aluminum back.  I think it feels like a much more solid e-reader and it feels nice in my hands.  I have not purchased a case for this device yet and have held it in one hand while reading.  It has felt very comfortable and natural.  I am also intrigued by the ability to invert the black and white on the device so the the print is white on a black background.  I did try this feature out just a bit and am not sure how much I will end up using it.  I am still happy to know that it is an option.I have not used the Audible feature on the device.  I do wish that the device had a headphone jack since I have a pair corded headphones that I love.  I am not going to purchase bluetooth headphones just to listen to my audiobooks on this device.  I listen to a lot of Audible audiobooks and have no issue doing so with my cell phone. I think that the size of this device would make it somewhat awkward to carry around in order to listen to my books.  I will be sticking to my cell phone for audiobooks for right now.  If I change my mind, it is nice to know that the device has the capabilities.I can easily say that the Oasis is my favorite Kindle that I have owned.  I like just about everything about it.  The clear and crisp screen is a very nice size, the page turn buttons are perfectly positioned, and the aluminum backing looks and feels nice. I bought the 32 GB device with cell connectivity and am looking forward to spending many quality reading hours with my new Oasis.
I really wanted to like this one. I really loved the original kindle oasis 1st generation, and thought this would be a great upgrade.The increased screen size is nice, but there was a yellowing & depth issue with the left side of the screen. Instead of the reader being flush and even all of the way across, it seemed like the e-ink would slightly sink into the base on the left side. There was also a slight yellowing on the left side of the display.My device was most likely defective, but the final issue that made me return it was the comfort factor. The  increased weight due to the stainless steel makes it harder to hold for long periods of time. It feels more clumsy than the super light 6 inch oasis. I wish the grip felt as comfortable as last years Oasis, but it just doesn't.If they could make 3rd generation plastic again, decrease the weight, and improve the ergonomics of the grip, I'd be interested.
I'll save the lengthy review, there's enough of them. Instead, offering a kindle pro tip for those that complain of the weight. I went from paperwhite 2016 to this oasis model, and I appreciate the aluminum backing's durability and style so it being a few ounces more is not an issue. PRO TIP: With the latest updates you can now change the orientation of the page, to landscape mode. This allows you to hold the Oasis with the thicker spine being along the bottom offering a nice evenly distributed and comfortable reading position while in bed or awkward angles. I now read like this most of the time. Follow the pictures to see how to get there in the Page settings. Enjoy you bibliophiles you.
This needs clarification, because there is a lot of bad information going out on the issue, so I'm putting it at the top of this review.  The Kindle Oasis DOES have text to speech.  It's now called VoiceView and this is how to get to it:  settings / Accessibility / VoiceView Screen Reader.  It does NOT require an audiobook to use, but it does require Bluetooth headphones.And now back to the review.This review is for those trying to choose between the two more advanced Kindle offerings.I love my Kindle Voyage.  I love it so much I asked for the upgrade for Christmas.  I received it.  I am now the proud owner of a 32g Oasis 2nd Gen, and I love that too, but not as much.  I'm writing this review now, because the flaws in the Oasis 2 have shown me just how perfect the Voyage is as an ereader.They have the same PPI, but I'm pretty sure the Voyage is clearer.  The Voyage definitely has a whiter background.  I set them to the same lighting level of 10 and set them side by side in front of a window.  The Oasis 2 is more yellow.  It took an increase in the light settings of 3 levels to achieve the same look on the Oasis 2.The devices also have practical differences.  The Voyage is symmetrical.  There are page press buttons on both sides, so switching hands while reading one handed is no big deal.  To do the same on the Oasis 2 or Oasis 1 for that matter requires you to flip the device.  No big deal, except that you have to relocate your spot on the page.  I suppose I could just wait to switch hands until I'm done with the page, but the Voyage does not make me strategize in order to read.  The experience with cases is also different.  I have aftermarket cases on both devices.  The case on the Voyage makes it easier to hold.  It's just too thin for my male hands without it, women's experience may vary.  The Oasis 2 however feels twice as heavy once the case is on.  I suspect it has something to do with the odd shape or just how wide it is, so I usually end up transporting it in the case but removing it to read.  Without a case it feels like you're holding perfection though.  I'm awed by how good it feels in my hands.  I never get that feeling from holding the Voyage case on or not.  Without the case the Oasis 2 actually feels lighter than the Voyage, a nice balancing trick that is pretty impressive.  Don't worry about the weight though.  The Voyage is extremely light.So in closing if you are trying to decide between these two devices, the Oasis 2 is only worth the additional cost if1.  You want the 7" screen2.  You want to listen to audiobooks on your ereader3.  You really like physical buttonsIf none of the above apply to you, then you're actually better off getting the Voyage.
Fast page turns. Perfect, larger screen. Super light.  Waterproof. My sole complaint is the meta case is slippery and harder to grasp than the plastic/rubber backed Kindles.  But I found a simple solution. Add a no slip safety square used to prevent slips in the shower. Like this one:https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B01NCYSH18/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o01_s00?ie=UTF8&psc;=1  It even has a very similar transparent and gray, as you see in the photo. It allows a great grip and even stays on when it gets wet at  the beach or pool.
Great Expectations Dashed - And Compounded by poor customer service.When we returned to US from International trip we requested help again regarding this "Lemon" of a $350.00 32 G Wifi/Cell. To-day Amazon provided their solution an we received an "All New Oasis" which turned out to be a poorly boxed refurbished unit.A brand new top of the line $350.00 Oasis malfunctions out of the box and Amazon thinks a refurbished unit is a suitable replacement - it is not!!!I have escalated and will update on Amazon's further "customer service".Original Problem - brand new $350.00 Oasis Kindle.4 hours reading on Airplane Mode and the battery is dead.Recharged same again.
First, I am retired and I am catching up on all the reading I did not have time for when I was working. So, I use and love my kindle. Also,this review is intended for those of us who need not have the latest and greatest technical advance but keep our devices for a long time.So, after 7 years of beloved use of my kindle keyboard I decided to upgrade.  I had my eye on the Voyage once the screen problems were corrected.  I considered the first Oasis but it seemed a bit inconvenient with the charging case and overpriced.I read all the reviews (Amazon site and online experts). Decided that a Paperwhite would be fine but what the hell I keep my devices seven years and read whenever I get a chance.I absolutely love it. Now remember much of what I love is available on the Paperwhite and Voyage. But some of what I love is not. The Oasis is remarkably light and easy to read with one hand, especially when sitting.  Forget that slippery, cold, sharp edge stuff you read in a lot of the 158 reviews I read.  I do not find the edges sharp or the device cold and the metal case is definitely more sturdy than the alternative plastic.and the lighting blows me away.For me it is definitely worth the $50 more than the Voyage.  Since I plan on another 7 years before I buy another kindle and how much I read it is worth the $130 difference from the Paperwhite.
I feel disappointed. I have been waiting for the device for so long, but after I received it and turn it on, I already notice the problem at first glance. The display area near the button, the display is whitish and brighter than the opposite area where the screen is dimmer and look more yellowish.
I am writing this review as a long-time Kindle user who, much to my familys dismay, has purchased every version of the Kindle since version one with the exception of the original Kindle Oasis (please, dont judge!).  I bought this one to replace my Paperwhite, which after hauling it around through various airports across the globe and dropped it a few times had become a little sluggish and need of a replacement.  As there are several different versions you can configure for this Kindle, to clarify I purchased the 32 GB version with both cellular and Wi-Fi connectivity.The immediate benefit of this version of the Oasis is the larger screen at seven inches versus the six inch of both the original Oasis and the Paperwhite.  Why does that matter?  You get more words on the screen with the same font  thats great for people like me as my up close eyesight gets worse with each day.  The fonts are much more crisp and readable (for lack of a better word) as there are more pixels per inch than previous version of my Paperwhite.  I also like the fact there are more lights in the backlight display which makes it easier to see when the lighting around you is darker  no, its not like a flashlight but something that really enhances the reader experience as reading on a plane at night this past week was a much better experience not only for me but the people on my row.It is also very lightweight, and holding it without a case seems like a feather even though it has a larger screen  they have really skinnied down the thickness in comparison to other models.  I do prefer a case, as it makes it feel like I am really reading a book and also to protect the Oasis for the inevitable drop, and Amazon has a limited amount of versions.  Unfortunately, the cases that are available right now are not only expensive but they are not functional and slip off easy and really dont protect anything.  In other words, unless you have money to burn, I would see if you can wait on a case until third-party providers start making them available.The processor inside is allegedly faster, but I have no way to measure its efficiency other than the pages turn quicker; you can turn to the next page by tapping the side of the screen or pushing one of the buttons on the side.  Its also a lot faster adding and removing books from different categories as I finish or add new books than previous versions  gone is the 30 second wait of doing that on my Paperwhite (I have about 500 books on my Kindle).I am not much on audiobooks but I realize some people are.  This years version of the Oasis allows you to play audiobooks  there arent speakers or a headphone jack built into it but the Oasis does have Bluetooth capability.  Setting up my basic pair of Bluetooth speakers was easy and the sound quality is good.  I think this is a great addition for the vision impaired or for those who like to listen to audiobooks, but please note it does not appear you can listen to an audio version and read along with the text at the same time.This version is also allegedly waterproof - I did not test it out but will take their word for it.  I wouldn't recommend you test it out by sitting in the bathtub reading: you don't want to be the person where it failed and die from electrocution!As I mentioned above, I bought the 32 Gb version with both the cellular and WiFi connectivity  thats the most expensive version and it cost quite a bit at $349; that is very expensive if you are a casual reader vs. a bookaholic like I am.  I picked the cellular version as I dont have reliable WiFi many times due to my travel areas and I want to be able to receive my blog and newspaper subscriptions when I am on the road; if you have consistent WiFi coverage, I would recommend sticking with the WiFi only version and save a few bucks.  If the price doesnt scare you off of this one and you read a lot, I would recommend this one  on the other hand, if price is a consideration or if you are a casual reader, I would recommend the Paperwhite vs. this one as it is still a very nice e-reader and they have better cover options to protect your Kindle.
I've told my husband for years that if Amazon ever makes a waterproof Kindle I'm throwing my money at them.  The time has arrived!!  I've owned many Kindles and am a big bathtub reader.  I drowned one Kindle and have since been reading them through a plastic bag.  Very underwhelming.  The new Oasis is gorgeous.  I am smitten.  Beautiful, even lighting.  I was quickly won over by the bigger screen.  I skipped the first Oasis so this is my first introduction to the lopsided form factor.  At first I was a bit put off, but now I can honestly say this is the first Kindle I've truly been able to comfortably read one handed.  Love. Love.  Love.
(This review was originally posted on Among The Reads - amongTheReads.net)I do confess to loving technology, and I have owned the Kindle Keyboard, Kindle Touch, Kindle Paperwhite, and Kindle Voyage.  But I did have good reasons for each upgrade.  After having my Kindle Voyage since 2014, I woke up one Saturday morning in October to discover it wouldnt turn on.  After a minor panic, I spent time searching the internet for cures and even called Amazon (only to lose the connection due to our terrible cell signal!)  So my husband and I talked about it and decided that it was time to use the points we had been accumulating from our Amazon card and get me a new Kindle.I knew that I needed a Kindle with a built in light at a minimum.  As I looked at the specs of each of the Kindles, I kept coming back to the slightly bigger screen of the Kindle Oasis and the fact it is waterproof (I have been known to read in the bathtub on occasion.  After much deliberation and prayer for wisdom, I decided to order the Oasis and prepared to be Kindle-less until the end of the month.Fortunately, after a day of using my phone to read (yuck!), I did some more searching and found someone who recommended charging the Kindle directly to a wall outlet using a Kindle charger.  I rolled my eyes and decided it was worth trying.  And as strange as it sounds, that actually solved my problem!  My husband graciously agreed to let me still get the new Kindle, on the condition that my old one would go to him.Kindle Oasis vs Kindle VoyageI have now had my Kindle Oasis for almost a week and wanted to share a comparison between the two models and give you my impressions.First off, the Oasis is not cheap.  Starting at $249 for the version with wireless and Special Offers compared to the Voyage which is $199 for the same.  Both are side-lit, both have the option to get the free cellular coverage (for an additional cost, of course).WiFi Only vs Free Cellular CoverageAfter getting the cellular coverage and not paying to remove the Special Offers on my first Kindle, I decided that WiFi works perfectly fine as I am mostly in places that I can get it, and when Im not, I can use my phone as a hot-spot if I really have to download a new book when Im at the airport or grocery store.Special Offers or not?And for me, it is worth it to pay to not have the Special Offers on the screen saver of my Kindle.  At first, the offers were pretty good, but they ended up being for things I never need or care about.  The worst part of the special offers, in my opinion, is that offers show up on the screensaver, and you have no control over the content.  So I might have my Kindle on my desk at work with a picture of the cover of a horror book or a really steamy romance book.  Or diapers.  Sorry.  Just not interested in having to see that!Kindle Oasis vs Kindle Voyage - ReviewThe picture attached has the Kindle Oasis on the left, the Voyage on the right.  As you can see, the screen of the Oasis is considerably larger than the Voyage.  Though I couldnt discern a difference in the clarity of the text, there are more font options and more ways to control the appearance of the screen on the Oasis.You might also notice that the screen of the Voyage has a glare, while the Oasis does not.  The overall color of the screen and the quality of the reading surface of the Oasis was significantly nicer than the Voyage.  The description that keeps coming to mind is that is that the Oasis is softer, but not as in fuzzy text.  It is just gentler on the eyes.Weight/FeelThough the weight of the Oasis is a half ounce more than the Voyage (6.8 vs 6.3 ounces), I seriously found that the Oasis feels lighter.  As I started to write this review, I had it in my head that the half ounce difference was in favor of the Oasis and was an influencing factor.  When I looked up the actual weights, I was surprised.  My thought is that the larger size of the device has the weight distributed differently causing it be better balanced and thus feel lighter.  Or something like that.The Oasis is much thinner than the Voyage, and is designed to be turned over so you can switch hands as you read for comfort.  When I read in my recliner at home, I have my Kindle on a tablet arm, but I do spend quite a bit of time reading in other locations and have found that I really like the ability to flip it over and switch hands when I need to.  Lately Ive found that I like setting the display so I can have the wide part of the device at the bottom to hold it from there.The buttons for turning the pages are placed in a good spot.  I have the option with the Oasis to either use the buttons or simply touch the screen to navigate.  I find I use both options, probably because Im not used to using the buttons on the Voyage.Power ButtonThe one thing I dont like is the placement of the power button.  It is at the bottom of the Kindle (if you are holding it with the buttons on the left) and close to the edge.  Normally it isnt a bad thing, but I keep thinking that when I have it in the tablet arm that the mechanism that holds the Kindle will press on the button and turn it off.  So far, Ive been able to place it so that doesnt happen.  However, I have to confess that I have been known to read while I brush my teeth, placing my Kindle between the sink and the mirror.  In the week Ive had the Kindle, it has turned off in the middle of my brushing.  As soon as I see it happening, I realize that I once again placed it with the power button against the counter, and the weight of the device causes it to sink into the button and thus turn it off.  How embarrassing!CapacityWhile I dont tend to read multiple books at the same time, I do get lazy about removing them from my Kindle.  And when I get a new book from Amazon, it is sent to the Kindle by default.  As the device fills up, it slows down, which is annoying.  The storage on the Voyage is 4 GB, which sounds like a lot, but I have managed to get to the slow-down point on it quite easily.  The Oasis starts at 8 GB and if you want, you can get it with up to 32 GB of storage.  I dont plan on using it for Audible, so I should have lots of room for my e-books on it.Overall ImpressionOverall, I have to say Im delighted with the Oasis.  It is hard to say if I would have paid this much for the upgrade if I didnt have the points available because it wasnt an option for us at this time, but I really, really like my new Oasis.  And the way I see it, what I paid for it is less than a few nice-looking bookshelves and much harder to make look messy or cluttered.
So I really want to love this guy. The form factor is nice. The leather case I got is great. The ink looks amazing. The lighting is even. I like having physical buttons. I like that the screen flips when I rotate it. And, well, I can read books on it!Also, the origami case thing is great. I do like the Foley thing.The bad:Its not that easy to hold one handed. Its a little slippery, a little to heavy, and awkward to change pages.But now the real problem. And amazon please chime in here if I have a dud or something: battery life. My old paper white got like 20x the battery length, with WiFi on, compared to the oasis 2 with WiFi off. Not sure if mine is defective? But I was at 50% after reading for maybe 4 hours. So? Not good.My conclusion is that a kindle paper white is still the best kindle. Its way cheaper and does everything this one does, except have physical buttons. And I dont care about listening to audible books on my e reader. I have a smartphone. Everyone has a smartphone. Most importantly, I want a kindle that I dont have to plug in every night!
Love:larger screen sizeslight sepia tone of screen (vs. super white light screen of original Oasis)more font sizesability to darken fonts for better contrastoption for large page number and percentage read in bottom cornersHate:super slippery cold aluminum backsharp edges where metal meets glasspointy corners that poke into my palm when holdingthe clicking sound when you change pages (definitely louder than original Oasis)cover (comes separately) bad, bad designAudible books option-- completely unnecessary bloat in my opinion--especially since-you can't read and listen at the same time-there is no headphone jack--Bluetooth only. I rarely listen to Audible, but when I do, I can use my phone, Alexa or other devices.I feel like I have to compromise comfort for features. Jury is still out on whether or not I will keep it.UPDATE Nov 30--As seen in comments below, the Popsockets saved my Oasis. I also added Everbilt 2-inch anti-slip pads on the back to cover the cold slippery aluminum. The pads make it comfortable and give a secure grip. It doesn't look so great, but since I can't see the back while reading, it doesn't matter. It is too bad that I had to add these modifications to make it work, but I now truly enjoy reading on my new Oasis.
UPDATE. i just read a 300 page book and had to recharge FOUR times. I've been on the phone with customer service for over an hour. DOWNGRADE TO A ONE STAR. BATTERY LIFE IS NOT GOOD. IT DRAINS WAY TOO FAST. BYE BYE OASIS .this is my 4th or 5th kindle.PROS.crisp clear ink.love the adjustable bold settingslove the adaptive lighting. love the easy highlighting.love the buttons with all my heart.love the amigurami cover for standing the oasis uplove the magnetic on and off with the coverlove that amazon logo is not in the center of the coverlove that it works with audibleCONS. the aluminum body is COLD. Even with the case....this is a cold ereader and i don't like that at all. In fact I hate it.  The aluminum body is SLICK and slippery.  Its also a lot heavier than the original oasis. This is like a brick compared to the first oasis.Didn't realize i wanted immersive reading until i read other reviewsSUMMARY...I know nothing is perfect....but this  new oasis is close. So, I love it but HATE the aluminum body which adds weight  and  coldness.
I pre-ordered this Kindle so I've been reading on it for just about a week.  Not going to do a detailed review as there are some already here.  This is my fifth Kindle.....have had all except for Voyage....and have been reading on the first Oasis since it came out in Spring of last year.  I usually read for hours every day so the battery never lasts very long but I will say this battery charges very very quickly so it isn't a big deal.  I would estimate that I can read for about 4-5 days on a full battery....that is many many hours of reading considering I read anywhere from 4 - 9 hours daily.  This Kindle has a very solid feel to it but I agree with others that it is slippery and with my arthritis I first wondered whether I would be able to find a way to hold it, but I have and it's even comfortable. You always have the option of buying the cover. For me, the page turn buttons are in a perfect location but it really just depends on the size of your hand and how you hold it.  And you do notice how much more you read on a page with this bigger screen plus the page turns are so quick you don't even notice so it really is a continuous reading experience.  Now, for the reason I pre-ordered this expensive Kindle when I already had the original Oasis.....for me it's all about the new option to invert the black and white (found at Settings, Accessibility).....the page becomes black and the text is white and it removes all the brightness, the glare and eye strain that were problematic to me with all previous Kindles.  It is a total game changer for me and I just can't overstate what a difference it makes.  And for that reason alone it was completely worth it for me to buy this Kindle.  It is expensive and only you can decide if it's worth the expense.  It is anawesome reading experience!
So far, a tale of two Kindle experiences.The first tale is the screen. The visual experience is marvelous. Best screen of the many Kindle models Ive owned.Second tale is the ergonomics. Its a sad tale. The slippery aluminum back requires a tight grip. Oh wait, whats that cutting feeling...? Why, its the sharp edge of the aluminum back digging into the skin of your hand. Thinking of reading in bed and balancing the Kindle Oasis on your sheets? Its not happening friend because the smooth aluminum back isnt staying put.Thus, I cant see keeping the Kindle Oasis. I will likely return it and go back to the Paperwhite with its inferior screen.... but at least my hand wont cramp up while trying to hold it.
What others have stated. Blurry screen and really poor battery life. Charge to 100% read for an hour then it's down to around 75%. Wth is that? My phone is better than that.Really confused as to why the battery is so poor. I have Bluetooth always off and even put it on airplane mode with no wifi and still have bad results.
Many articles can tell you the different specifications between the old and new Kindle Oasis.  I am giving my opinion as to how I use the device.  I would have given the product a 4.5 stars with weight and slickness of the aluminum back, however, since I can only choose 4 or 5, its strengths outweigh the weakness.I bought my first Kindle OASIS with 3G the first quarter of 2017.  When I heard that Amazon was coming out with a new version, I preordered it.  I was excited about the increase in memory, the larger screen size, and the water proofing.  When it arrived, I noticed it was really heavy compared to the older Oasis.  It was so much heavier that it surprised me.  The aluminum backing is really slick and within just a few minutes of holding it, it slipped right out of my hands and fell on a chair cushion.  I thought, note to self, be more careful.  This is not a huge issue, but I have to remind myself to be careful or I may drop it again.The screen on the new Oasis is really nice.  It is hard to believe that one inch can make a difference, however, reading a very large novel it makes a noticeable difference.  Last night I realized the larger amount of text that fits on the page with the settings I use.  So my finger hits the button to advance the page lessLOL!  Ok, that really does not matter, but it was just a nice feature that I did not think would make a difference at all, but I like it.  I also really like the auto light adjust.  I dont really set the brightness myself anymore.  When I sit back and turn on the Kindle Oasis, I see the brightness adjust and I just start reading.  Adding the auto brightness control was a nice touch.The new Oasis is supposed to have a new processor.  I tried to notice if there was a speed increase with turning pages.  There may be but it seems to be only a slight increase.  I am reading the Wheels of Time series and everything works as I would expect it too.  I think it is cool that any book with an audio book attached shows up as a headphone icon in the library.  (I have not use the audio book feature yet.)  The rapid charge capability is really a great touch.  I use a rapid charge on my watch and phone.  It is nice to have one on my Kindle too since I keep it near me when possible.I bought a leather and waterproof cover.  I like the waterproof cover better because the weave has a texture to it that can help me hold the Kindle without the fear it will slip out of my hands again.  While the new Kindle is better in almost every way, there is one area where I still prefer the old kindle.The older Oasis is really light weight.  There are times I really like that.  The older Oasis had a rubber section on the grip so I was less likely to let it slide away from me.  It may not be as durable as the new Oasis, but when I am just reading in a chair, it is really nice.  Outside of this, I prefer the newer Kindle in every other way.Should anyone upgrade?  That is a personal choice.  I love to read my Kindle Oasis (2016 & 2017).  My Kindles are my favorite device and that is saying a lot!  The new version has wonderful features and more memory, however the older version is noticeably lighter and really a winner as well.  To me, it was worth the upgrade.  Hope this helps.
I've just received this Oasis on Nov 1 as a special birthday gift for my fianc. I'm so glad to see him really loves it. I have my kindle Paperwhite, so I can compare my Paperwhite to his Oasis. I can only say that the Oasis can beat the Paperwhite in overall except its high price. The good things of the Oasis are its light weight, the bigger screen size, the faster page turning and the elegant appearance. That's all I feel that It's worth the money!!(In the picture, I set both kindles in the same modes, i.e, font size: 5 and light: 8. The oasis does a better job as it can provide more words in one page; However, the Paperwhite is still the best budget)
Ergonomically unfriendly - difficult to hold in one hand or pick up with one hand.  The battery only lasts 2 days at most (with Wifi off).  Depending on how you hold it (not touching the buttons) it will index several pages on its own.  This is my 4th kindle and the worst by far.  I find myself using the kindle paperwhite (with damaged pixels) rather than the Oasis E-reader 7" (2017).  Very disappointed.
I'm coming from a first generation paperwhite and this is a huge upgrade for me. I've been looking at the voyage and the previous gen oasis as upgrade options but there was never really a standout feature that could get me to bite the bullet. The waterproof feature is what makes all the difference for me. Being able to finally read in the tub or pool is great.The construction feels great. It's lighter than my paperwhite but what  I really notice is how well balanced it is. I can easily support it with a few fingers and this makes it ideal for reading while lying down. The screen is fantastic and displays much better contrast and clarity at the same brightness levels as my paperwhite. I have no use for the Audible feature but the construction, screen quality, and waterproofness are enough for me to justify the significant cost.Looking at other reviews, I have to wonder if there aren't severe quality control issues going on. Some have had issue with sharpness of the edges. On mine, they are perfectly well rounded and I can't feel any edge at all. I've seen other reviews mention issues with contrast or yellowing of the page due to the backlight. Again, on my device these aren't apparent in the slightest. Looking at a video review from a  customer that had these issues, it's almost like we bought different models altogether. I highly suggest that anyone experiencing these issues exchange theirs for another device before settling or returning completely.
